





Storm Damaged
By Kerry Adrienne
Storm Damaged
Kerry Adrienne
Storm Damaged © 2023 Kerry Adrienne
All rights reserved under the International and Pan-American Copyright Conventions. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or by any information storage and retrieval system, without permission in writing from the publisher.
This is a work of fiction. Names, places, characters, and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to any actual persons, living or dead, organizations, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.

Many thanks to:
Editing by Grace Bradley Editing, LLC




She's running from a life she doesn't want. He's hiding from a past he can't forget. But the tide is turning in favor of new beginnings... and love.


Prologue

1740, Bermuda
She could never go home. 
Ever.
Amelia took Christopher’s hand, then lifted her skirts and stepped out of the small wooden sloop onto the thick sand of Somer’s Island. She pulled her fingers from his and swatted at an errant damp curl, then tucked it behind her ear. The oppressive humidity weighed her down like a ship’s anchor, without the cool relief of the deep water.
Her legs wobbled as she adjusted to standing on land for the first time in weeks. The island might not be home yet, but she’d make it so.
Humidity and sun be damned, she’d accept her fate and make the most of it.
Handsome, dark-skinned men with strong accents and muscled limbs hefted her wooden trunk, filled with the only material possessions she had left, and carried it across the sandy beach to the tree line where a horse-drawn wagon waited. The horses nickered and trotted in place, surely as eager to get out of the hot sun as she was.
“Amelia, are you sure you’re intent on this path?” Christopher asked, catching her arm and squeezing it gently. “You don’t have to stay here. We can outrun them—my ship is quick.” He ran his thumb across her cheek.
She shuddered as chills raced across her face where his touch lingered. If only she could lean into him for eternity and find relief from the heavy load of responsibility. The nights in his arms were the best of her life.
She’d made her choice.
As long as she was aboard his ship, his life was in jeopardy, and possibly hers too. And all the innocent men who sailed under his command could be hanged alongside her. 
She couldn’t allow it.
“I’m confident this is what I want. What must be.” She fingered her heavy pearl pendant, then placed a hand against her stomach, willing the nausea away with deep breaths. The rolling ocean waves used to be her best friend, but recently they tossed her insides with their slightest surge. At least on land the sickness would be more tolerable.
“I’ll visit.” Christopher pulled her close, his body meeting hers from shoulder to hip. “I can’t bear to think of life without you.”
She breathed in his scent and memorized the feel of his salt-crusted beard scratching against her cheek, his firm chest flat against her soft one, and the roughness of his fingertips on her bare arms.
“I promise,” he added. “I love you. I will love you for all my days, and one day, we’ll be together again.”
“I love you too,” she whispered. The weight of emotion in his voice shook her, and for a moment, her resolve wavered. She took a deep breath and spoke firmly. “You must go now. Thanks be to heaven, I’m secure in your friend’s company. Know that I’ll wait for you.”
“I’ll return.” He lifted her chin and kissed her, his lips pressing against hers in fervent desire. She met his tongue with her own, wishing to tell him everything she’d kept secret from him. Things she could never tell him.
The truth.
Her sacrifice.
Their child.
Chapter One
Present Day, North Carolina coast
The strong September sun cast a rainbow of fluid shapes onto the gift shop floor. Mari stretched to stick the suction cup of the last stained-glass ornament onto the storefront window. The little glass mermaid sparkled in purples and blues, and she twisted it as she hung it on the hook. Maybe not a realistic mermaid, but the decoration was quaint, and tourists loved ocean fantasy, as the store’s Labor Day receipts proved. 
Too bad it was nearly time to face the long winter of fewer sales and colder water. Still, it beat the alternative. She was by the ocean, making her own way, despite her mother. An upbeat Beatles song danced through her head, and she whistled the tune, bobbing her head in time with the beat.
The pink shells hanging on the glass door rattled, and a long shadow fell across the colorful floor as the door swung open. 
Crap. 
She stopped whistling, mid chorus, and embarrassment crept up her cheeks in a rush of heat.
“I have bad news.” Chase let the door close behind him, the shells staccatoing as they clinked against the glass. “It’s urgent.”
Mari’s heart rushed. Bad news or not, he took her breath away. “I thought the first storm bands weren’t coming in until tomorrow evening.” 
She set the empty shipping box on the floor and rubbed her hands, trying to disguise her body’s reaction. Chase McCormack, the man she had saved from drowning and now her landlord, rarely came into her little gift shop, but that didn’t keep her from sneaking peeks at him as often as she could. 
His bar was upstairs from her shop where patrons could get a better view of the water. The large deck Chase had built around the bar gave her a perfect place to sit and pretend to read while he did his bar-owner thing. She didn’t mind having a shop on the lower level since it meant she was closer to the sand and waves. And the rent was cheaper, too.
“The storm will be here when it gets here.” He scowled.
Boy, he was grouchy. She glanced at him. Yeah, and he was still hot. And tall. Even though he wasn’t diving anymore, his muscles retained a swim-slender shape. His imposing frame made the shop feel smaller, but she didn’t mind. “Has the forecast changed? It’s a weak hurricane, right?”
Silent, he looked up at the mermaids she’d hung in the window, and hued stripes lit his angular face in all the right ways. Mari sighed. The colorful stained-glass ornaments brightened up the shop, making it look like a cross between a candy store and a fluorescent aquarium aglow with light in Las Vegas. Not that she’d ever been to Las Vegas or anywhere far inland. But the pinks and purples suited Chase, at least in her mind.
She straightened the tchotchkes on the glass counter at the register. As if she didn’t already have enough problems. Getting out of her arranged marriage to Inna wasn’t going to be easy, but successfully running her own shop should show her mother she could be independent. 
A hurricane was approaching. And Chase had bad news.
What else could go wrong?
“I’m not here about the storm, though we’ll need to board up in the morning.” Chase stepped closer, his footsteps heavy on the wooden floor as if the weight of his news burdened his stride. He picked up the empty shipping box off the floor and set it on the step stool by the window.
She stared at his backside. Yep, he was good-looking from any angle. She could see herself waking up to Chase every morning without ever getting bored.
The only thing that would definitely get her out of the marriage to Inna was marrying someone else, with her mother’s permission. Her tail quivered to release, but she relaxed the sensation away. 
Images raced through her mind as her daydreams took over. She couldn’t look at him when she had thoughts like this. Ridiculous fantasies had no place in running a business, and if she was going to be independent, she’d have to focus on business matters. Daydreams and swimming would have to wait.
Thoughts of sex with Chase would have to wait.
She closed her eyes. “What then? What’s the bad news?” Did Chase have another girlfriend? The last one had been…a treasure. She shook her head. He wouldn’t drop by to tell her something like that anyway. He was a private man.
And she wanted him to be hers.
And anyway, once a mermaid saved a man, wasn’t he destined to be her true love, with weddings on ships or private islands and happily-ever-afters filled with music and sparkles and talking fish? She wasn’t thinking about all that when she pulled the diver out of the water, but now that it was over, shouldn’t he be The One? Unfortunately, Chase didn’t have a tail, and that would prove a no-go with her mother.
“It’s about the bar.” He reached up and took down the mermaid sun catcher, then set it gently into the box, surrounding it with packing material.
She put her hands on her hips. No matter how hard she’d tried to get his attention, he’d all but ignored her since the accident. Too bad diverboy hadn’t shown any instalove back. 
She’d grown to know him better—especially once he ditched his snarky girlfriend—but he hadn’t seemed to notice her “that way,” even when she rented the small shop space on the first floor of his bar, in part to be closer to him. Still, he wasn’t a lost cause. As long as he was on the island, he was a possibility. At least in her dreams. 
“And your shop.” He tucked the mermaid deeper into the box.
“What about my shop?” Her breath caught. “And what are you doing? I just finished putting those sun catchers up.”
He didn’t speak but took down an orange seahorse and set it in the box too. He began taking the figures down one by one, layering the box’s packing material in between each fragile shape.
What the hell? “Hey! Tell me what’s wrong. And stop messing with my stuff.”
Chase captured her in his intense gaze. “If this window breaks during the storm, you’re going to have a mess. All of these little ornaments could get broken. I’m guessing you don’t want that.” His sandy-brown hair, cropped short and spiked, had paled in the summer sun, and his tanned face drew tight with what must be really bad news. “You can’t leave all this stuff on the window during a hurricane. It’s not safe.”
“I thought this wasn’t about the storm.” Mari licked her lips. “My stuff will be fine. I can take care of my shop. What’s up with the bar?” 
He didn’t answer but removed the rest of sun catchers one by one. She wasn’t sure what to say. Who did he think he was? Sure, the building belonged to him, but her merchandise didn’t. She couldn’t decide if his actions pissed her off or endeared him to her because he acted like he cared about her well-being.
“I said I can pack those up myself. Besides, the storm may not make landfall near us. What’s the rush until we see the updated forecast?” She took a deep breath. “Like you said, we’ll board up. If it floods, then I’ll deal with any damage.”
The shop wasn’t likely to flood, not with the pylons the whole building sat on. Unless the storm turned into a monster, most of the risk would be wind damage. She moved the box of tiny silver-gray sharks’ teeth by the cash register to the other side of the counter then back again. The storm wouldn’t be that bad. Things would be back to normal in a couple days at most. 
He shrugged and set the last glass ornament in the box. He started removing the suction cups and setting them in a neat little row on top of the sun catchers.
“Are you going to tell me the news?” Why wouldn’t he come out and say what he had to say? “Rent going up?” 
Did she sound as stupid as she felt? She had always shied away from conversation with Chase, other than the normal pleasantries she’d learned good Southern people offered regardless of how they felt. Even if he was The One, she had been nervous he’d recognize her as the girl who saved him.
The mermaid who’d saved him.
She leaned on the display case. Confidence. Project confidence. Her mother had paid a lot of money for her to go to fish finishing school. Maybe they didn’t have cotillion at home, but finishing school was darn close to the same thing, minus the sweet tea and white gloves. She stared. Definitely no gloves.
And if Chase was going to come into her shop, she’d take full advantage of it—absorb every detail of his sexy self to round out her fantasies. In her head, she’d written at least fifty romance novels with him starring as the hero. Steamy, sexy romances, with her as the heroine. The Mermaid and the Millionaire, Shells in the Sand, Once Upon an Ocean…
“Mari?”
She jerked her head up. “Yeah?” Crap. She’d been busted while fantasizing again.
Chase straightened the last suction cup in the box. “Well…”
“You done there? Wanna sweep too?”
Apparently, the man couldn’t resist. He had to help out, no matter if he was asked to or not. Mr. OCD Protector hot man diver. 
He shook his head and folded the box closed. “No need to sweep till after the storm. Where do you want this?”
“I don’t care. Set it on that top shelf by the plates, I guess.” She realized she wasn’t being nice, but she couldn’t help herself. Chase’s news of the big bad was stressing her out.
“Okay.”
“I want to know what the news is. Spit it out.”
Chase pushed the box onto the top shelf, then stuck his hands in his pockets and looked at the floor. She knew his face well enough to imagine his bright-green eyes narrowing with whatever stress this bad news was causing. 
She remembered the panic during the accident. She studied his thick muscles and the tentacle tattoo that wound its way up from his wrist to his left biceps and then disappeared under his snug T-shirt. His other arm boasted some type of navy diver tattoo, faded and smudged. The one time he’d gripped her with those strong arms he’d almost lost his life.
And he didn’t remember any of it.
“Rent isn’t going up.” He stepped closer to the display case and picked up a sand dollar from the wooden bin on top. As he turned the white disk over, it broke in half in his grip, and dusty fragments spilled into the air and onto the counter. He winced. “I’m selling the bar and moving west. Leaving the island for good.”
Mari’s stomach lurched and she steadied herself against the glass case, staring at the mess on the counter. “Why?” Her voice came out a quarter-octave higher than normal. 
One of her main reasons for staying in the little coastal village was to spy on him. Erm, watch him. Ogle him. Pretend he loved her the way she loved him. “Why sell the bar? Why leave? I thought you loved it here.” Oh, no, buddy. You aren’t leaving me. I saved your ass and you are my “Plus One” from now on.
“I gotta get out of this little town and away from the ocean.” He gripped the sand dollar fragments. “Tired of storms and water and reliving bad memories.”
“Your brother…”
“My brother is dead.”
“But wouldn’t he want you to stay?” Chase had taken his brother’s death hard. Now he wanted to move. Well, that wouldn’t solve anything. Was it her business, though? 
Chase grunted but didn’t respond.
“I mean, wouldn’t he want you to stay and run the bar? It was his dream too. A beach bar, right on the sand.” Sweat dampened her palms and she wiped them against her jeans’ legs. She’d never been outspoken with Chase, but she couldn’t let him walk out of her life when he should be swimming alongside her.
“Luke’s gone. I’m moving to Kansas and buying a farm. Or possibly Montana. Or Oklahoma. Hell, maybe I’ll buy a mine and become a miner. I don’t know exactly where I’ll go or what I’ll end up doing, but I do know it will be far, far away from the ocean. I don’t even want to be near a lake.” He dropped the remaining pieces of the sand dollar onto the counter and dusted off his hands. “Sorry about that.” He nodded at the mess. “Let me know what I owe you.”
“You owe me more of an explanation.” Mari could feel her nostrils flaring, and her face was probably as pink as her T-shirt. 
She needed Chase. Not his building, but his presence. She could never follow him to Kansas, because mermaids had to stay near the ocean, or they’d die. If Chase left, she’d have to marry Inna, or run away and live in a hidden cove somewhere her tribe couldn’t find her. “You can’t up and leave all you’ve built here.” Tears threatened, but she gulped them down. 
He couldn’t leave. 
“I’ve made up my mind.” He stared out the window for a few seconds and she watched his face for any sign of emotion, but he was rigid. Unreadable. 
“But…”
He shook his head. “Last week, I spoke with a real estate agent. He already has an offer on the whole property. The bar, this shop, everything.” Chase turned toward her, his eyes looking through her. “The new owners don’t want a tenant. They’re going to convert the whole place into a megabar. Build a karaoke stage. Line-dancing area. Maybe put in a mechanical bull.”
She bit her lower lip to keep from retorting. Chase would never have added karaoke to his bar. He preferred the sea-worn, old-school look of the 1950s. Shag dancing, maybe. Never karaoke. How could he consider this?
His broad shoulders sagged, and she fought the urge to comfort him. Or shake him till he regained some sense then fuck him till he knew it for sure. He’d lost his mind if he thought he’d leave the island and her. It simply couldn’t happen.
Could it?
“It’s a great offer,” he added. “They have the cash in hand, and I won’t have to wait for a mortgage to process. Should be a straightforward deal, then I’m outta here.”
Deep breath. “When?” She tapped her nails on the glass case. How much time would she have to convince him to stay?
“Soon. I’ve signed the papers. You’ll get a formal letter asking you to vacate, but I thought I’d stop in and tell you personally. You’ve been a good…friend.”
“How friendly of you.” Perfect. He was sure to respond well to her smart-ass attempt to hide her feelings. Awesome. She knew how to get her man. If she couldn’t slay them with a song like other mermaids could, she could tie them up and beat them to death with her sharp wit. She bit the inside of her cheek. “Thanks for letting me know. You can leave now.”
“Look,” he said, his voice strained with an emotion that could’ve been frustration or anger. “I realize this is short notice, but I have to get out of this town. I know you don’t understand, but I must do this. I can’t take being here any longer.”
“But I have a lease…”
The light glinted in his eyes, and she held back a moan at the warmth he elicited with a glance—even an annoyed glance. Any other day, his eye contact would be filed in the fantasy category called “replay.” Not today. She looked away. “I have a lease,” she repeated, aware that her soft voice wasn’t much more than a whisper. 
The small shop had been her connection with the human world, and her independence. And having Chase upstairs had been the cherry on top of her life’s sundae. If the shop were gone, she’d have no choice but to go home and admit defeat to her mother and to Inna. And that would suck.
“Your lease is month-to-month. I’m sorry. Consider this your notice, though I’d appreciate it if you moved before the four weeks you legally have. It’ll make things easier for everyone.” He eyed the window again. “I’ll get someone to help you pack up after the storm. It’s the least I can do.”
She steadied herself against the counter, her mind buzzing. She’d get him to stay, somehow. She had to. “It’s not fair, Chase. I’ve worked hard to make this shop profitable. I’ve had a great season, and things are going to get better.”
She’d hung around, trying to further their relationship and make a start on her own life without her mother’s oversight. Why was Chase so oblivious? Once he’d dumped Kelly, she expected things to change. Expected him to notice her. It hadn’t worked out that way. If anything, he was more blind to her than before. 
And now he was planning to leave her behind and farm some dry land somewhere a million miles away.
“I know. You’ve built a great little business here and you should be proud. Not everyone can make it with a coastal shop.” He shuffled from one foot to the other. “I honestly didn’t think the building would sell quickly. Figured it would be months before someone snapped it up, since the market isn’t great these days.” He paused. “I planned to tell you I’d listed it—but I didn’t have the chance to put out a FOR SALE sign. No one would have ever put bets on finding a buyer that fast.”
“What am I supposed to do now?” She tugged her pink T-shirt down.
“You can find another location for your shop here on the island, I’m sure of it. In fact, I’ll give you the name of my real estate agent. He can probably find a better spot than this one. One with more tourist traffic.”
“Thanks.” Tears threatened again, but she held them in check. No point in looking like a complete loser. 
She could cry in her five-minute pity party later. Her tail beat an escape rhythm, but she pushed it deep. No time for swimming away now. It was action time. She’d have to get Chase to stay, whatever it took. Even if he didn’t own the bar anymore, he could buy another one. Or cancel the contract. 
Short of holding him hostage, she didn’t have a whole lot of ideas at the moment. Though the hostage thing might work. She could use a blindfold and silk scarves and…oh, a red silk scarf and plush handcuffs…
“I know this is a big change and I’m sorry. I have to do what I have to do.”
She wondered if she’d missed anything he said. Tying him up…now that was material for several fantasies. She didn’t know whether to laugh or cry, but she’d never been one to back down from a challenge. He’d stay. One way or another. 
Tied up, or of his own free will.
“I’ll be back in the morning to start getting the bar storm-ready.” 
“What can I do to help?” Somehow, she’d get him to stay.
“Well, I don’t know. I guess you can help by having coffee brewed. I’m sure you’re a great barista.”
She faked a smile. “Sure,” she said. “See you tomorrow.” Bring the silk scarves, buddy, and I’ll show you how good I am. And bring the contract so I can burn it.
“You’ll have the coffee?” He flashed a triumphant grin.
“I’ll have the coffee.” And a plan.


Chapter Two
The door shut behind him and Chase took a deep breath, filling his lungs with warm, salty air. Mari Quinn was a captivating woman, despite her quirky obsession with all things shelled and pink. 
And she was sexy. He’d enjoyed the time she’d had her shop beneath his bar, and he was a little sad he wouldn’t see her anymore. But he had to move.
She’d taken the news better than he expected.
Dammit. Who was he kidding? He’d seen the fear in her eyes. And the sheen of tears. Way to go, Mr. First-Class Jerk. He could have at least patted her on the arm or something. Shown his empathy. But he wasn’t good at that kind of thing.
A burst of damp wind punched him in the chest, and he tensed. If he didn’t get off the island soon, he’d lose his mind. Everywhere he looked, reminders filled his vision. The bar. The ocean. The creaky pier. Until that terrible day, he’d always been able to protect his younger brother. Then on that fateful dive, his world fell apart.
He headed for the stairs to the upper deck and bar. Moving was the right thing to do. In fact, it was the only option left. 
He’d tried to move on.
Now he had to move away.
He’d never enjoy the sea again, not like he had when he was diving, and Mari would be okay. His leaving was the best thing that could happen to her, even if she didn’t realize it. He didn’t want to hurt another person.
Lose another person.
He rubbed his face, trying to scrub away the strain. He looked back toward the shop. He could see her through the window, her pink shirt visible amidst the clutter.
She was strong. In a few short months, she’d taken the hole-in-the-wall room under the bar and made it into a thriving little tourist shop. Everyone on the island knew about the Mermaid’s Purse, and few tourists went home without buying a trinket there. Too bad the new buyers didn’t want tenants, but Mari would find a better location somewhere on the island.
She could sell seashells by the salty seashore on a red-checked blanket if she wanted. People would still buy.
He took the steps two at a time and then walked out onto the expansive ocean-view deck. The orangey sun, slung low in the western sky on the hip of the horizon over the mainland behind him, cast lengthy streaks of light through the clouds over the sound side. 
The bar was a prime location for having a beer and watching the almost 360-degree view of the water and the little shrimp boats that swept out across the skyline daily. The pier cut out to sea a hundred yards north, and fishermen and tourists alike would always head to his bar for lunch.
He'd worked hard to build his business.
Late afternoon usually brought a few patrons, even in the off-season, but no one was on the deck today. Everyone had either evacuated the island or was home boarding up ahead of the approaching storm. 
He leaned on the railing and looked out over the mottled gray ocean to the east. Mostly devoid of whitecaps, the water still looked menacing, and his stomach roiled at the sight. The sky, clear blue all day, was beginning to gray on the eastern horizon, and it was hard to tell where the ocean ended and the clouds began—like the water was creeping up the walls of the horizon.
The wind whipped around him, sending shivers up his legs and back. No doubt about it, he had to be far away before the storm came inland. And, as soon as he possibly could, he had to be off the island for good.
He pushed against the darkness, struggling for breath. His regulator uselessly threw bubbles into the water as it snaked around his head. When he kicked and tried to grab the lifeline of air, it slithered out of reach. His headlamp illuminated the flash of another diver—his brother—in the grasp of a large tangle of tentacles. Eyes wide. 
Silent. 
“Chase?”
He rubbed his head, willing his heart to slow its frantic pace. “Yeah?” His voice quaked and he clenched his jaw. The dark visions of his brother’s death came often and always left him anxious. Worries about the impending storm pushed the memories closer to the surface, and his body felt the toll. 
He needed a drink. Or two.
Doug, one of his day bartenders, joined him at the deck railing and lit a cigarette. “Gonna need my help tomorrow?” He drew a long drag and puffed the smoke up into the air.
“Not opening the bar tomorrow. Doing hurricane prep. I think most people have already left the island or will have by morning. We wouldn’t have many customers anyway.” Chase waved away the cigarette smoke. “Plus, I don’t want to have to clean the bar again tomorrow. I’m not taking any risks. Boarding up and leaving.”
“Good plan.” Doug took a step back. “Glad you got it handled, ’cause I wanna catch some waves before the storm rolls in.” He peered up at the sky. “Clouds coming already. Tomorrow will be perfect.”
Doug didn’t look like a surfer—he was short and a little stocky—but he was one of the best wave riders on the island. Of course, this wasn’t Hawaii, but up near the point was some darn good East Coast surfing.
More power to him. Chase turned to lean on the railing. You had to be a fool to go out on the ocean—even that close to shore—on a surfboard. He couldn’t believe that he and his brother used to surf too. People didn’t realize what lurked under the dark water. Most people weren’t divers. 
He pushed the thought away. “If you want some extra cash, you could help me with the storm shutters and plywood early morning. Won’t take too long.”
Doug searched the horizon, taking a long puff on the cigarette. “If you don’t need me, I’ll pass, man. This blow is supposed to spit out some big ones. Off the wall.” He dropped the cigarette onto the deck, crushed it with his foot, and then kicked the butt over the edge. “I can’t miss that action. It’s rare.”
Chase glared. A cigarette spark could ignite the sea grass and dunes, and that would bring a heavy fine. And it could burn down the bar.
“Sorry, dude.” Doug shrugged. “Forgot.”
A seagull dove and nabbed something off the lower railing. Chase watched it soar out over the beach. The pesky birds were always stealing bait and screeching like they were trapped in a blender.
He wouldn’t miss them.
“If you change your mind, I’ll be here at least until early afternoon,” Chase said. “I think some of the other guys plan to come by the bar to help, so I don’t have to have you here, but there’ll be work if you want it.”
“Will do.” Doug scratched his head. “I heard you sold the bar. Hate you’re leaving. Island won’t be the same with both you and Luke gone. Gonna be slow around here.”
Chase grimaced. Doug was right; the place would never be the carefree, sun-drenched playground it had been in college when he and Luke first concocted their plan to take over the island. First, they’d enlist as navy divers and train hard. Then, they’d bring those skills back to North Carolina and run a bar and, with the proceeds, eventually open a diving school for civilians.
But then Luke died, and like that, there was no more diving, just a medical discharge and his brother’s life insurance policy. Chase had taken the money and built the bar. “Things have changed.”
“I feel you, dude. Waves keep rolling, and we gotta stay ahead of the tide.”
“True.” Chase smiled. Doug often opened his mouth and spoke like a surfer-savant. “Yes, got to adapt and move on. That’s what I’m doing. Away from here and away from the ocean.”
“You gotta do what you gotta do. I get it. After what happened with Luke, then the mess with Kelly. I’d want a new start too.” Doug kicked at the deck railing.
“It’s been a rough year.” Chase ran his hand through his short hair. 
Thankfully, after the bitter breakup, Kelly had packed her stuff and moved back to Baltimore. He didn’t have to worry about dealing with her anymore. He’d screwed things up and their relationship didn’t stand a chance of mending. Though he hadn’t thought she was his soul mate, he still felt like crap that he’d been cold and inaccessible to her. 
Until she ended up in one of his bartender’s beds. He’d lost it then—yelling and screaming at them both, and ready to punch Jake’s boyish face until it looked like a pepperoni pizza. It was only months later that he realized Kelly had been lonely. That was why she longed for someone else’s touch. It was his fault she’d found comfort elsewhere.
He’d failed.
“I’ll be back to pack after the storm, then sign papers when they’re ready,” Chase said. “Most of the restaurant stuff is staying with the bar.” Kelly was proof he was not fit for a relationship. He was a terrible boyfriend.
Damaged.
“It’s been real,” Doug said, clapping him on the back.
Chase winced, trying not to recoil at the friendly gesture. He didn’t want to be touched. Hell, most days, he didn’t want people talking to him. And didn’t deserve to have such good friends who put up with his crap. “I’ll see you before I leave tomorrow.”
“Maybe,” Doug said. “I’m planning to head off the island after I ride some waves. Don’t wanna be stuck here when the blow hits, if it does.”
“Have fun.” Chase leaned on the railing. Fun was not a word that came to mind at the thought of being out on the water again. “And be careful.” He shuddered and wiped across the hairs standing up on his arm, pushing them down.
“I will. But right now, I’m gonna go get the glassware washed. Hope you’ll open the doors for regulars one more time before we shut down.”
“Next week,” Chase said. “We’ll have a big party before I close for good. Celebrate.”
“Oh, man, that’s kickin’. If I don’t see ya before the storm, stay safe.” Doug mock-saluted, then headed inside.
Chase shoved his hands in his pockets and watched the waves slap onto the sand. Already, they appeared angrier and bigger. 
Alive. 
His headlamp shone through tendrils of long hair. Something grabbed him under his armpits, yanked, and pulled him through the water in a whoosh. Away from Luke. He grabbed at the water, trying to snag his brother, but it was too late—all he had was an armful of nothing…
A door shut beneath him, rattling the decking under his feet. He pulled his hands out of his pockets and grabbed the railing. It could only be one person. He heard whistling, and then Mari, in a pink swim cover-up, headed onto the boardwalk toward the beach. 
She swayed a little as she walked out toward the stairs over the dunes, her off-tune whistling of Sweet Georgia Brown receding with each step. His heartbeat quickened and heat shot to his groin as he watched her. In another time and place, she’d be exactly the kind of woman he’d want to date. And more. Fiery, full of life, and beautiful. If only…
He held his head. What was he thinking? He’d been such a lousy boyfriend to Kelly. He’d broken her heart into a zillion pieces and walked away knowing she was crying. If she ever dated again, it would be a miracle of psychiatry and pharmaceuticals. 
And anyone who dated him was destined for some time on the doctor’s couch, for sure. He was messed up. The navy shrink said it was PTSD, but to him, that was just another word for failure. He’d let his brother down when he needed him most. No acronym in the world could represent that. And no pill could cure it.
He lifted his head and watched the gulls blitz the waves for small fish. Beastly birds. Mari stopped and watched them too, her curvy figure leaning against the walkway railing. Pointless to think about what-ifs when all that mattered was what was.
When he’d woken up after the accident, he was in the hospital, tucked into a metal bed with semisoft blankets and a pillow that resembled a pancake. No dark water surrounding him, just the bright and cold glare of sterility and the smell of bleach. 
Luke was gone. 
His torn and battered body had been discovered on the rocks not long after they’d found Chase. He’d known his brother hadn’t survived, given the way his mother was acting, but it had taken two days to pry the information out of hospital personnel. 
His survivor guilt had crashed in like a tsunami. He’d escaped with a few scratches and a concussion. They told him he was lucky. But the doctors had families to go home to and dreams to fulfill, and Chase had nothing. Lucky wasn’t the word for how he felt.
Mari climbed the stairs, disappearing for a moment on the other side of the dunes. He’d miss her—he’d gotten used to her being around on the periphery of his life. She’d sit on the bar’s deck, pretending to read and watching the patrons. 
Sometimes the book was upside down and she didn’t realize it, studiously eyeing the text until she thought no one was watching her—then she’d peek and stare. Too many times to count, he’d wanted to walk over and turn the book around or toss it over the railing and take her into his arms. Too many times, he’d stopped himself. She deserved way better than an empty shell of a man. Being her landlord was enough, and that would end soon.
A gust of wind whipped over the deck and Chase squinted and braced against the salty air. Since he’d been standing at the railing, clouds had filled most of the sky over the ocean and crept toward the shore.
He looked for Mari along the strip of sand but didn’t see her among the few people that lingered on the beach. Was she planning to swim? Crazy, especially on a day where rip currents likely threaded through the surf. Sure, he’d enjoyed swimming in the ocean—spent a couple years diving on WWII wrecks for the US Navy. But now? After the accident? He wouldn’t take a bath.
There she is.
She walked along the edge of the surf, occasionally picking up a shell and tossing it into the waves. She looked small against the vast ocean, like a grain of sand on the beach.
He rubbed his arm, trying to stop the itching that suddenly overtook his skin.
The tattoo had appeared a few days after he’d been released from the hospital. A tentacle—thick and black—circled his left arm, starting at the wrist. The ink snaked over his shoulder then wrapped down his side, terminating right above the hipbone. 
At first, he thought it was some kind of sick joke played on him when he was drunk, and he’d tried to scrub it off, thinking it might be ink pen. Sure, he’d drank heavily when he got home from the hospital—who wouldn’t after burying a brother? 
Eventually, he accepted the tattoo as a mysterious memorial—though no artist on the island claimed responsibility. He shivered. Clouds completely blocked the sun, and a pall had fallen over the island. If he didn’t have to be personally responsible for keeping the property safe until the closing papers were signed, he’d leave now.
Before the storm set in.


Chapter Three
Mari tucked her pale-pink T-shirt into her jean shorts and then yanked it out again. Why were things so difficult with Chase? He barely noticed her. 
Sometimes it seemed he went out of his way to ignore her. She’d saved him from death, for goodness sake. Didn’t that count for something? Of course he didn’t know it was her, but still.
Mermaids didn’t typically have to work to get men to like them. Wasn’t that the legend? Her sister never had issues—sing a song, snag a man. At least that was how it appeared. Of course, she wasn’t married yet. Maybe her voice wasn’t all that good after all. 
Their cousins, the Sirens, sang a song and trapped a man. Like for good. Once men responded, they were destined for slavery—sexual and otherwise.
But a mermaid’s call was sweeter.
Too bad Mari couldn’t sing well enough to lure the one man she wanted. Whistling was all she had, and that had never charmed anyone except maybe a tone-deaf dog.
Ugh, my hair’s a mess. She combed the long strands. She couldn’t let him see her like this.
What a bonus that the man she’d saved was such a wonderful package—the kind of guy any young mermaid would take home to mom. If only he had a tail. Good-looking, hard-working, and sensitive, he was all that. Although he didn’t like to show that part of him, it was there, peeking out. He always helped anyone who needed it, like he’d done in her shop the day before. Of course, none of that would matter to her mother. If he didn’t have a tail, he wasn’t good enough.
Thankfully, he’d been out like a light during the rescue and didn’t recognize her afterward. Maybe it would have been better if he did know who rescued him. Then he might pay more attention to her. She sighed. No, she didn’t want to force him to like her. What kind of relationship would that be? If he felt obligated to be with her, she’d never know if he truly loved her.
She debated tying the T-shirt in a knot at her hip. No, that would look like she was trying too hard. If she was going to get Chase to stay in town, she needed a better plan than sex. She didn’t want him feeling bound to her because she’d saved him or because he was physically attracted to her. She wanted him to know her and want to stay because he wanted to be with her. She slipped on her tennis shoes.
Nothing wrong with sex. Sex would be a bonus. A fantastic bonus.
An image of Chase, naked except for a cowboy hat, smiling and holding up a blinking sign that said BONUS, flashed through her mind. A little star flashed on his teeth, and he waggled his eyebrows. She laughed and shook the image away.
Her imagination made him to be something he wasn’t. He’d never wear a cowboy hat.
Where was he, anyway? It was already after ten a.m., and they had a good bit of work to do to get the building boarded up for the storm. 
I thought we were getting started early. She peered out the window and whistled Jingle Bells under her breath.
The lower level of the building didn’t have storm shutters like the bar did, and a huge stack of plywood lay on the deck waiting to be attached to the window frames. He must have had the guys pull the wood out of storage.
She grabbed the pink, glittery hair clip off the counter and twisted her hair up into a knot and then secured it with the clip.
After a last look around, she flipped off the shop’s main lights. The little place felt more like a home than anywhere she’d lived, and she wasn’t ready to leave it behind. Sure, she occasionally missed her mom and sisters, but they were only a swim away. The shop was the first thing she could truly call her own, and now it was at risk.
She headed out onto the lower deck outside her shop, surveying the work that lay ahead. The air zinged with expectancy, and clouds billowed and boiled over the sky, creating a moving gray canvas as the wind gusted. It felt more like early evening than morning, with the dim light from the cloud-blocked sun barely casting a warm glow.
“Let’s get this done.” Chase bounded down the stairs, balancing two take-out cups. “Brought the coffee.”
“I thought I was making the coffee.”
“Did you make it?” He handed her one of the cardboard cups, his arm brushing against hers. He jerked away.
She scowled. “No, not yet.” She shivered at the contact.
Steam swirled from the vent in the cup, and she inhaled the deep aroma of presumably decent coffee. She sipped the warm drink—cream and sugar. 
Good guess.
“Do you own a coffeemaker?”
Mari nodded, noting that Chase’s black T-shirt bulged in all the right places, drawing tight over his chest and arms. She couldn’t imagine him in a suit, though he’d worn his dress uniform to Luke’s funeral. “But I rarely use it.” 
“Well, we can pretend that you made the coffee, how’s that?” He leaned toward her, shifting the cup.
“Fine.” She smiled and pictured herself as a barista, dressed in a tiny pink skirt and tall heels, no panties. Yeah, that was nice. Serving Chase coffee in bed without his black T-shirt or pants. After his coffee, she’d slide right into bed and they’d let the caffeine work its magic.
Chase slurped his coffee and winced at the heat. “Least I could do.”
“Yes.” Well, she could think of more. She pretended to savor her coffee, eyes in slits as she peeked at Chase while he drank. He hadn’t shaved, and his stubble grew in darker than his sun-lightened hair. The contrast gave him a bit of a roguish appeal, though his hair was a bit short for the type of rogue she normally went for. 
His scruffy face was exactly like he looked in her pirate fantasy—well, except he wasn’t wearing a billowing poet’s blouse. Not that real pirates wore those. 
Doesn’t matter. I’ll take him as a faux pirate since the real ones need baths and a dentist anyway.
And besides, pirates didn’t have coffee with cream and sugar. She could be a pirate barista serving Chase in bed on a ship in the middle of the Atlantic, with no one else around for miles. 
She moved to stand closer to him. He didn’t back away.
He drank, and she watched his Adam’s apple bob with each swallow. When he licked his lips, she turned to hide the fact that her mouth hung open. Pirate or not, he’d look great in a white shirt. Or no shirt.
“Good?” he asked.
A gust of wind bumped her off-balance and into his hard chest. He steadied her with a firm hand on her shoulder, and she moved the cup from her lips and held it high to keep from spilling the coffee. “Very.” She turned toward the stack of wood so he wouldn’t see her blush.
His touch lit her on fire. And if he knew she was eyeing him like a piece of meat, he wouldn’t be happy about it. Daydreaming again. 
“We’d better get to work.” She twisted the cup, then tipped it up and finished the coffee off.
“Yeah. Last storm I’ll have to deal with.” He leaned against the deck railing, seemingly unaffected by their contact. The wind whipped by, catching the hem of his T-shirt in a flutter, exposing his firm abdomen for a too-brief moment.
She squeezed her legs together. Mmm. “Wish you weren’t leaving.” She’d like nothing more than to hold him on the island forever. Preferably in a horizontal position.
“You’ll find another location for Mermaid’s Purse. A better one.” He didn’t look up but continued to stare at his coffee.
“I hope so.” Mari set her empty cup on the railing. The wind picked it up and tossed it. She wasn’t going to get caught up in feeling sorry for herself. She picked the cup up off the deck floor. 
It ain’t over till the pink mermaid sings, or whistles, or whatever.
Today, she’d enjoy her time with Chase, and try to talk him into staying on the island. She’d give it her best shot once she came up with a solid plan that didn’t involve silk scarves. So far, tying him up and forcing him to stay was all she had. Well, that and pirates and coffee. If inspiration didn’t strike soon, he’d be gone for good. She flung her cup into the trashcan.
“Any of the guys coming to help, or is it you, me, and the drill?”
He caught her gaze and held it a second before replying. “Yeah, a couple are stopping by this afternoon. But this morning, it’s just us.” He finished off his coffee in one gulp and tossed the empty cup in the trash.
A gull screeched overhead as it made a beeline away from the shore. Its call retreated as quickly as it had started.
“Let’s get busy.” Mari adjusted her hair clip, ducking her head to hide her smile. 
Perfect, they’d be alone.
Chase picked up a partial sheet of plywood off the stack. “Grab the drill. You need to help me steady the plywood over the windows and then I’ll screw it in.”
She coughed. 
He said screw. 
Images of Chase wearing his poet’s blouse, face scruffy, and screwing, popped in her head. She smiled and tugged at her T-shirt. Chase couldn’t stay out of her fantasies if he tried.
“Mari?” He frowned. “We don’t have all day.”
She picked up the supplies and followed him to the front of the building.
* * * *
Three hours and twelve windows later, the pile of plywood had grown smaller but wasn’t gone. The air was so thick with humidity that breathing took effort unless you were a mermaid. 
“How long before lunch?” she asked. “I’m starving.” 
Her back was damp with sweat and her arms ached from holding the wood, but her heart sang. She’d been working right next to Chase for hours. Close to him. He hadn’t talked much. 
And though they’d brushed up against each other a few times, she’d used all her reserve not to lean on him or throw her arms around his neck and kiss him. She’d refrained from whistling, though that had been difficult.
“Let’s get the last window on this side done. Then, we’ll stop and eat.”
“Sounds like a plan.” She blew out a breath. She didn’t want this day, no matter how hard the work was, to ever end.
Chase hefted the plywood and set it against the window, lining up the pilot holes. “I’m sure you’re tired, so I’ll hold it. You fasten it.” The wind gusted and showered them with a spray of misty rain.
“Okay.” She grabbed the drill and a couple of screws. She bent to attach the corner near Chase’s knee.
“Do the top first,” he grunted. “It’ll help hold the weight.” He pressed his back against the wood to steady it. A light sheen of sweat covered his arms.
Sexy.
She fastened the first corner. Her arms ached from the heavy drill and her hands shook as she stretched over Chase’s shoulder to the screw hole. The tool made the job quick, and she moved to the other corner. She couldn’t quite stretch without leaning in, her breasts brushing against his chest.
He let out a small moan. “Hurry.” He turned his head.
“I’m trying.” She pressed against him harder, well aware that he couldn’t move until the screw was in or the plywood would fall. “Almost done.” 
She depressed the drill’s trigger halfway, intending to enjoy the close contact, even if it was all that she ever got from him. She’d never been brazen, and her face heated despite her outward boldness.
He met her gaze, and there was no mistaking the hunger in his eyes.
His scent, somewhat sweaty and all male, filled her nostrils. Scent was one thing she loved about being on land. Under the sea, she couldn’t smell anything, but on land, things smelled alive.
She finished attaching the screw but remained pressed to Chase’s body, moving ever so slightly against him.
“Mari…” His voice came out like a warning.
She gulped, her heart pounding in her throat. She stepped back and set the drill down, never letting her gaze drift from his.
“I don’t want you to go.”
“Kiss me.” His voice rumbled.
He studied her a moment, then he was on her, grasping her with rough hands and yanking her to him.
She let out a surprised half squeal, then wrapped her arms around his neck. She hadn’t held him since the night she’d rescued him, and he felt better than she remembered. 
Bigger. Stronger. Sexier.
Covering her mouth with his own, he forced his tongue inside. She moaned, then tipped her head back to give him access, her tongue tangling with his larger one. So good. He slammed her against the covered window, pressing his body against the length of hers.
“Goddamn it.” He nipped at her neck. “Always teasing me with your words and your pink clothing and that infernal whistling. I want you. I’ve wanted you for too damn long.”
“Chase…” His dick pressed against her stomach. Much better than any fantasy. But they were out in the open. “People—”
“Inside. Now.”
He twirled her away from the wall, his gaze never leaving hers, and then backed her up the stairs. Unclipping her hair, he let the wind toss the golden locks in the air. She shook it free, kneading his shoulders as he bent to kiss her again. His lips were firm against hers, his tongue soft and warm.
He pulled back, and with a quick motion he yanked her shirt over her head. She covered her pink bra with her hands. He placed a wet kiss on her collarbone and sucked the tender flesh, sending shivers of pleasure straight to her core.
She pushed him away. “What if someone—”
“Mmm. We’re alone.” He kissed her again, sucking at her lower lip, then nipping at her chin and neck. “Let’s go.”
Dizziness from his onslaught overtook her and she relaxed in his grip, letting his kisses along her throat send trails of heat down her body. Her legs weakened and she leaned into him. Was she about to get exactly what she’d been dreaming of all those nights? Had aliens come down from the night sky and taken Chase over? Had he fallen victim to government mind control?
“Hold on to me.” He lifted her into his arms and then dashed up the last few steps, her hair swinging in their wake.
She giggled and clung to his neck, a mixture of lust and apprehension swirling through her veins. In her wildest fantasies, sex had never played out so raw and uninhibited. What on earth had gotten into him?
He shoved the door open and turned sideways to ease them inside. The cool darkness of the bar was a contrast to the humidity outside and Mari shivered at the change.
After maneuvering around a few tables, he laid her on the corner couch. “Don’t move.” He switched on a dim lamp.
“Where are you—”
He took off. A crash sounded in the darkness, and she sat up and tried to see through the half-light. 
“I’m okay…” 
She stifled a giggle and lay back.
She closed her eyes for a moment, then opened them when Chase’s lips met hers, sending a new electricity shooting through her. She sat up to meet his kiss, running her hands over his face, then pulling him closer.
“Got a blanket,” he said between kisses, nodding toward the coffee table.
“Mmmm, thank you.” She squeezed his shoulders and felt her way down his muscled back to the curve of his ass.
He kissed under her chin, then tongued his way down her chest to her breasts. She sucked in a breath. He squeezed the mounds, then bit at her nipple through her bra. She winced and pulled him closer.
“Feels good.”
“More?” He peered down at her, his look pure lust.
She nodded and pushed her hair behind her ears.
She didn’t care if the hurricane came onshore right now with its wind and rain. At this moment, she was in Chase’s arms, where she wanted to be.
Where she belonged.
He reached underneath her and unclipped her bra and she sat up. Her breasts bounced free, and he took one, then the other into his mouth, grasping and kneading them. She melted as his stubble rubbed over her tender skin again and again as he sucked.
He looked up at her. “Take these off.” He yanked at her shorts, unsnapping them and running his hand down into her underwear, and dipped his fingers into her wetness without any hesitation.
She jolted at his touch, not sure whether to press his hand to her or to do as he said and take off her shorts. She moved against his hand for a second, then wiggled free.
“You too.” She tugged at his shirt. “Fair’s fair.”
He slipped his shirt over his head and dropped it, then unbuckled his shorts and stepped out of them. He’d already kicked off his shoes by the time she had her shorts halfway down.
She took a sharp breath when she saw his dick. She tried not to stare but caught a glimpse of his smug smile and her face heated again.
“Like what you see?” he teased. He held his dick and stroked it a few times. “Clearly, it likes you too.”
She rolled her eyes, trying not to giggle. Who knew he could be so silly?
He lay against her, pressing the length of his warm body against hers. She reached for him, bringing him as close as she could, her body responding without any coaching.
“Are you sure this is what you want?” he whispered, his lips near her ear.
She closed her eyes and nodded. She’d been ready for what seemed like an eternity. Her heart raced and she reached to stroke him, savoring his warmth in her hand.
“One second.” He grabbed a packet off the blanket.
She smiled. Always thoughtful. A condom wasn’t necessary—mermaids couldn’t get human diseases, and she was on birth control for hormonal reasons. But it was thoughtful, nonetheless.
He ripped open the packet and rolled on the condom, then lay over her on the couch, nudging her legs open. He ran his hand along the soft skin of her thigh. She shuddered, her legs shaking.
“Hurry!” She was going to come apart before he was inside her.
He dipped one finger inside her folds, then two, stroking slowly. She raised her hips to meet his movements. His thumb pressed against her clit, and she moaned.
“Please—”
“I don’t want to hurt you. I want to make sure you’re ready.”
“I’m ready!” Gods, did that come out like a shriek?
He grinned and lowered himself to her, his warm skin setting her afire more. She spread her legs wider, and he positioned himself, then thrust inside, sending ripples of pleasure throughout her body as he moved.
He filled her completely, unlike any other man she’d been with, not that there’d been many. His strokes were slow and deliberate. 
She closed her eyes and concentrated on each movement. Much better than every fantasy put together. “Ohh…” A million times better. No, a zillion.
It didn’t matter what had changed his mind, she was happy. She wanted him and that was all that mattered at the moment.
She arched her back and he doubled his rhythm, his breath coming in short bursts. With every push he groaned, sending her closer to orgasm. 
He paused to kiss her forehead, then lifted her legs, positioning them over his shoulders. He moved inside her again, this time stronger, longer, and more forceful. She panted and rubbed herself, the tension almost unbearable. With a final shove and strangled groan, he came, holding her hips tightly. Mari followed, falling over the edge of her climax in a shower of stars and blissful aftershocks.
He held her in position for a few seconds, then gently lowered her legs and kissed the top of her head, brushing her hair away from her face. He grabbed the blanket and spread it over them.
“Chase?” she whispered. Would he stay on the island after this?
He sat back, holding his head. “Gimme a moment.”


Chapter Four
Mari stood at the weathered railing of the bar deck and looked out at the sea—her home for most of her life. Where her family still lived and carried on with their lives in what seemed like an alternate universe. Life on land was so different.
When she’d come to shore, she’d left behind everything she’d ever known to make it on her own and sometimes the weight of that choice caused her a pang of indecision. If she hadn’t left her undersea home, she wouldn’t have met Chase. And staying behind would’ve meant marrying Inna. Though most merpeople weren’t allowed to leave, since Mari’s mother was queen, she was given a bit more leeway.
She sighed.
What now?
She’d had sex with Chase. If someone had told her that was how her day was going to play out, she would’ve called them crazy. 
Had it been anything more than a passionate fling? She wasn’t sure, and it was only fair to say that a fling was better than nothing. She’d wanted him, and no amount of social pressure was going to make her feel like she couldn’t seek out pleasure if she wanted it. 
The question was, what did he want now?
He’d pulled away pretty completely after sex, mumbling about the storm and getting the bar ready, and she was trying not to take it personally, but something about his demeanor bothered her. 
If Inna ever found out what happened… She shuddered. Best not to think about that at all.
She clasped her hands and leaned on the railing. A few surfers hung out in the water, trying to catch the forceful waves that rolled toward shore, but the beach itself was mostly empty. Exactly the way she liked it. 
The waves lapped the shore, beckoning her to swim, and her legs buzzed in response, her tail begging to be set free. 
Not now. 
Swimming all the time was one thing she missed about living at home. She still got time in the water pretty often while running the shop, but it wasn’t the same. Mostly she went out to swim at night, but that was okay. She’d swim later when the bar and shop were boarded up and safe.
Tonight.
She’d go home and see her mother and ride the storm while under the waves like a good little mermaid. See family and appease her mom, maybe have a family meal. 
In her spare time, she’d plot how to keep Chase from moving away. Maybe her sister would have some ideas. 
Ugh. I don’t want to deal with wedding drama. 
Maybe she could convince Chase to take her with him off the island to the hotel where he planned to wait out the storm. That way, there wouldn’t be any fallout about the wedding.
She took a deep breath of the salty air. She belonged on the island. It was now home—she could feel it from her head to her tailfin. 
Chase was such a good man, and he’d be a welcome addition to her life, if only he’d stay. She’d found a treasure when she rescued him and now that they’d had sex, she felt they belonged together. 
In real life, he was better than any fantasy, and things were simply too perfect.
She headed into the dark bar, then paused inside the doorway to allow her eyes to adjust to the dimness. The room was a heavy contrast to the openness of the beach outside the door. Vault-like and heavy, the bar was more like a cave or lodge than a beach place. Brooding and dark like its owner. 
Chase stood by the barstools at the main bar, his tall form shadowed but visible. He motioned her over. He’d showered and his damp hair stood in spikes. 
“Are you all right?” he asked.
“Yeah.”
“Are you hungry?” His voice poured out in a low monotone.
“I’m starving.”
“I’ll see what I can find us to eat. I’m sure it won’t be a five-star meal, but it should serve its purpose.”
“Anything edible is good for me. I like most things and I’m not allergic to shellfish.” She made her way to the bar, hiding her snickering behind her hand. 
A mermaid who couldn’t eat seafood—that would be tragic. And ridiculous, though she supposed it did happen. She pictured a mermaid swollen up with hives, a shrimp tail hanging out of her mouth. Yeah, that wouldn’t be a lot of fun.
Chase flipped on the lights behind the bar proper, and the stacks of glassware along the shelving on the wall twinkled. “Back in a few minutes.” The dark wood paneling on the walls gave the appearance of nighttime, even with all the lights on. “Go ahead and relax. We have to get back to work after lunch.”
No mention of the passionate sex.
Tears threatening, she nodded. “Okay, thanks. I’m going to wash up first.” She headed to the bathroom. 
Under any other circumstances, she would have been thrilled to share a meal with Chase, but this felt too much like a last supper. If things went as he planned, she’d be without a place on land to live, without a shop, and worst of all, without Chase. 
Maybe her mother was right, she should move home and forget humans. They were a lot of trouble. Except Chase was her human. And she wanted to be near him. No way he was moving away from her, and she was certainly not moving home. 
When she came out of the bathroom, she scanned the empty bar. Everything was in place on the tall tables: chairs, napkins, beer coasters, as if the bar would be open tomorrow and every day thereafter. A single framed photo of Luke perched on the side table. Luke smiled big; his eyes filled with the promise of realized dreams.
No, this place wouldn’t be the same without Chase. Of course, if the new owners planned a karaoke bar, they’d replace most of the rustic decor and add lights and disco balls. Maybe a dance floor and flavored fog. It wouldn’t be the same.
A clatter in the kitchen, followed by a curse, startled her. She smiled.
It wasn’t too late. Chase wasn’t gone yet.
“You okay in there?” She climbed up onto the barstool and fanned herself with her hand. He must not have the air-conditioning on. With the lack of moving air, the bar was humid and stuffy.
“Fine,” he hollered back. “Almost done.”
A large oil painting hung on the wall behind the bar, its dusty gilded frame offsetting the darker picture it held. The portrait occupied a prized spot on the bar wall—one that would typically be filled by a mirror in most bars. 
She’d often wondered who the painted man was, and why he was in such a distinguished spot in Chase’s bar. 
The man in the painting looked like a scruffy pirate, gaunt and sea-worn, scowling down at patrons. Maybe Chase had picked the painting up at a garage sale to add to the dark motifs and sea theme of the bar. She hadn’t been around much during the construction and decorating, and she’d never asked him about it. The oil painting definitely added atmosphere to the place. In fact, it was kind of creepy.
Chase pushed through the door, balancing two paper plates. He set one in front of her. 
“Pimento cheese,” he said. “Hope you like it. Not a lot of options without turning on the stove and I don’t want to leave any more of a mess than I have to.” He set his plate beside hers. “Plus, we need to eat the pimento cheese—I’d hate for it to go to waste if the bar loses power during the storm.”
“That would be a waste.”
 “Yeah, the cheese is homemade. My mom’s recipe. The pickle is from a jar though.”
“Looks delicious.” 
And it did. A lovely lunch made by Chase. He had touched the bread and felt its softness and slight dampness. She squirmed on the barstool. Good thing her fantasies didn’t beam out of the top of her head and project onto the ceiling. She’d never be able to be around Chase without total embarrassment.
Or anyone else for that matter.
She giggled at the thought of how embarrassing it would be and then took a bite of the sandwich. The savory cheese with a hint of spice twanged her taste buds. 
“Mmmm, that’s good.” Her stomach growled in agreement. 
Maybe one day Chase’s mom would share the recipe. Once she and Chase were married, of course, and his mom was her mother-in-law. The wedding would be the talk of the island community and they’d serve pimento cheese finger sandwiches at the reception.
“Mari? What can I get you to drink?” Chase took a bite of his sandwich then set it down. “The tap’s turned on if you want a beer.”
“Water’s fine,” she murmured between bites. Busted again. “Ice too, please, if you have any.”
“Okay.” Chase ducked behind the counter and pulled out a glass.
She wiped her mouth. “What’s that spicy flavor in the cheese? I’ve never ordered your pimento cheese, but it tastes different than what I’ve had before.”
“Secret ingredient.” He scooped ice from the ice tray into her glass and set it on the bar. “Can’t tell you.”
“What is it?” She could almost place it. She’d had it before, but not in pimento cheese. What was it? It wasn’t jalapeños. It was a soft burn with a rich aftertaste.
“More Southern than secret.” He filled the glass of ice with water from the bar hose. “You really don’t know?”
“No.”
“It’s horseradish.”
She paused to see if he was joking. “What? Not possible. I’d recognize that.” She took another bite and chewed slowly. Tangy warmth filled her mouth and her taste buds opened up. “Yeah, I guess it is. It’s wonderful! Hard to tell.”
“Thanks. I can’t take credit. As I said, Mom’s recipe.” He set the glass of water in front of her, then drew up a tall beer for himself. His tentacle tattoo bulged as he worked the tap. 
The tattoo twisted and curved around his arm like it was alive. Such an odd tattoo. She’d wanted to ask him why he’d gotten it, since she first saw it after Luke’s death, but it seemed like such an intimate question. She’d wondered if it was related to the dive and the loss of his brother.
There was no way he’d seen the monster on that dive. Chase had passed out and barely survived, and he’d never brought up seeing anything. Monster or mermaid. 
She couldn’t ask him about it casually because she kind of understood about ink. Tattoos were personal. She couldn’t tell anyone about her tiny pink starfish tattoo—the one that proved her bloodline—but fortunately, the little mark wasn’t visible when she wore clothing, so she wasn’t constantly fending off questions about it. It was like a little family secret, and he’d been in such a rush to get her shorts off he hadn’t asked her about it.
“Stop daydreaming and eat.” He sat beside her. “Still have lots of windows to take care of downstairs. Your apartment has some nice views, but being east facing, they’re going to take the brunt of the storm.”
She sniffled, holding back the tears that sprang to her eyes. Her store. Her apartment. Her heart. All faced greater threats than a silly storm. Why was he being cold and distant? It hadn’t been long since he’d held her in his arms, and they lay skin to skin on the couch.
He scowled. “Sorry, I wasn’t thinking. That was pretty insensitive of me.”
“It’s okay.” Well, it wasn’t, but what could she say? He didn’t mean to hurt her. She shoved the sandwich into her mouth, biting off as much as she could. 
She wanted to talk about what had happened on the couch, not her store.


Chapter Five
Chase tried not to stare as Mari wolfed down her sandwich. She shoved it in her mouth like she hadn’t eaten in days. She had more passion for the mundane than anyone he’d ever known, and she attacked her sandwich with gusto. Not like most women, who would pick at their food and pretend to not be hungry. 
No, she knew what she liked.
And he knew that passion carried over to bed, but what the hell had he been thinking? Kelly had been a cold fish—not that they’d been in bed much. Or ever on a couch in the middle of the day.
Mari screamed fresh sunshine and sex, and he’d been unable to resist her. Heat filled his groin and crept up his face as he thought about pushing into her, her eyes heavy-lidded and her mouth slightly open. He shook his head. He’d fucked up in the worst possible way. He’d led her on, knowing he couldn’t give her what she really needed.
Right now, was no time for thoughts of sex. A storm was headed toward the island, and he needed to protect his property then get the hell out. Plan where he was moving. He had too many important things to take care of to be sitting around fantasizing. 
And that was what his thoughts about Mari had to remain from here on out. A fantasy. He wouldn’t hurt her intentionally. He couldn’t weaken and have sex with her again, no matter how much he wanted to. 
She deserved better.
He shouldn’t have given in to his desires, and he was mad at himself. There was a time when his self-control wouldn’t have been in question. What had happened to him? When he faced his brother’s mortality, it had been the beginning of the end of old Chase, and new Chase wasn’t pleasant to be around. 
He picked up the pickle spear and sucked on the end, his mouth contracting at the sourness. Feeling like he was being watched, he turned to Mari, midsuck. She cleared her throat and turned away. She’d be a terrible spy with her upside-down books and habit of staring at people. He bit the pickle and chewed. A twinge of longing shot through him. If things were different, he would have asked her on a date or three. If Luke were still alive. If he hadn’t ever met Kelly.
Or maybe not. Maybe he’d be as much of a screwup anyway. Besides, he didn’t deserve to be close to anyone anymore. 
Ever.
“Better check the latest storm update.” He reached for the remote. Good diversion, Chase. He clicked the button, and the TV over the corner of the bar roared on to a baseball game. Seemed like baseball was always on lately. He flipped channels until he got to the weather. A radar image of the coast and the approaching storm filled the screen.
“Oh, it’s huge.” She crunched her pickle. “It covers the whole screen and is as wide as several states. That’s not good.”
“Definitely not. When I checked my phone this morning, it didn’t look that big. I still don’t think it’s super strong, though.”
“The first rain bands are expected to begin affecting the Outer Banks within the next three hours. The storm has strengthened since last night and now looks to be a definite to come over the islands.” The weatherperson perked up and smiled, her white teeth contrasting with the dull colors on the screen. 
“We’re still dealing with a Category One storm but nearing the upper limits of that category’s wind speed. What a change from yesterday! The storm will likely gain more power before it comes ashore on the barrier islands late tonight or early tomorrow morning. Already, law enforcement is shutting down ferries to the most remote islands and mandatory evacuations are underway—check our website for the complete list of orders. Back in a few minutes with the most recent forecast.”
A truck commercial blared, the announcer nearly screaming about interest rates and cash back. Chase turned the volume down. Looked like the storm would make a direct hit somewhere nearby, but hopefully not in such a populated spot as the town. The island had seen its share of storms over the years and regardless of where the storm came ashore, the bar would be affected, at least to a degree. The storm was too large to hope otherwise.
“Do you think our ferry schedule has changed?” Mari’s voice broke through his thoughts.
He shuddered and his stomach lurched as the floor rolled underneath his feet. He grabbed the bar and tried to steady himself. Riding the ferry was one of his least favorite things to do, and riding on choppy seas would be worse. Not only was there no way to avoid the water, but he’d be at its mercy. Since the ferry was the only way on and off the island, other than by small plane, he’d have no other choice if he were going to leave. 
And he had to leave.
He’d be on a boat. On the water. Again. 
Sweat broke out along his forehead and he dabbed at his skin with his napkin. His hands shook and he clenched his fingers, trying to steady his grip.
Luke’s eyes stared ahead, into the murkiness, his dive mask torn off and tiny bubbles clinging to his face like a million grains of memory that floated away on the current, one at a time.
“What’s wrong?” Mari’s voice rang clear. 
“Nothing.” He set the napkin down.
“You’re scowling. Something’s wrong.”
“Nothing is wrong.” He turned up his beer and took a long swig. He had to get control back. Stop freaking out.
“Are you worried you won’t get off the island before the storm hits?”
“I’ll make it. Plenty of time to finish up. I have to make sure the bar’s safe first.”
“Should you call and check?” She shoved the rest of the pickle in her mouth. 
“Yeah, when we’re done. If you want to go on ahead to make sure you get to the ferry, go ahead. I can finish up here.” He pushed his plate away.
“No.” She took a drink of her water. “I want to see that my shop’s safe too. You aren’t the only one with something on the line if the storm tears through here. Mermaid’s Purse is my responsibility, and if it fails, I’ve got nothing.”
“Suit yourself.” He shook his head. 
“I’m not evacuating.”
“What?” Had he heard her, right?
Her pert little nose rose in defiance.
“I’m not leaving.”
“Why not?”
She stared him down. “I’ve worked too hard to give up. I want to be here when the storm passes. Get to my shop and see how it fared.”
He shook his head. Did she fall on a piece of plywood? Why would anyone stay on the island during a storm? “That’s crazy. This storm could make a direct hit right here, we don’t know.”
“I’ll be okay.”
 “You should leave.”
“No.” She wiped her mouth then set the napkin on her plate. “Besides, you’re the professional at leaving, not me. Let me do my own thing and you handle you. I can handle me.”
“You’re being stubborn.”
 “What does it matter to you if I leave?” Her face flushed pink. 
“What’s that supposed to mean?” Annoyance boiled in his gut, and he clenched the edge of the bar top.
She shot him a look. “You’re the one who leaves. That’s your MO. Why Kansas? Or Montana or wherever.”
“Why not Kansas?” 
A huge storm was headed toward his bar, and he was sitting and eating pickles and talking with a woman who had no idea what it was like to lose a sibling and a lifetime of dreams in one quick moment. She had no idea what it was like to blame yourself for a brother’s death. To know that if you’d been able to save him, things would be different. 
He made a fist and relaxed it. He couldn’t let her get him more upset. He had to stay focused. Getting off the island was critical, both for safety and sanity.
It was none of her business why and where he went. Sex or no sex. Sex wasn’t a commitment, didn’t matter how good it was.
“Just wondering.” She scooted closer to the bar. “Doesn’t sound like a great place to live. All flat and farmy. And dry.”
“Better than the beach.” He realized he sounded defensive, and maybe he was. But Mari didn’t know what he had faced. What he faced now. No one did. If he got stranded on the island during the storm… His stomach froze and fear crept up his chest. No. That wouldn’t happen.
“No, it isn’t better.”
“Have you been to Kansas?”
“No.” She smirked. “But I love the ocean. I could never leave it.”
“If you’ve never been, you don’t know if Kansas is better.”
“You’re a diver.” She crossed her arms over her chest. “You can’t dive in Kansas unless you’re planning on diving corn plants.”
“If you haven’t noticed…” Chase tried to keep his voice low and steady. He didn’t want to lose his temper and it wasn’t her fault she couldn’t understand. “I don’t dive anymore. Hell, I don’t go near the water.”
“A diver who won't go near the water…don’t you think that’s a bit strange?”
One, two, three… “You done eating?” Chase closed his eyes. He had to keep his calm. “I can’t talk about this. Not now. We’ve got to protect the bar. That’s the priority right now.”
“Oh, Chase, I’m sorry. I wasn’t thinking…”
“Forget it.” He rubbed his hands on his pants. “Let’s get back to work.” 
If she wanted to stay during the storm, that was fine. But no way he’d be sticking around when the water rose. Dammit. He didn’t want her to get hurt, but he wasn’t in charge of her any more than she was in charge of him.
“Yeah, okay. But I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have pushed. It’s your business, and I forgot about your brother.”
“Just stop.” He shook his head. “Hope you have a safe place to go during the storm. I don’t think it’s a good idea to stay on the island, but it’s your decision.”
“I’m staying at a friend’s house on the sound side.”
He picked up his napkin then dropped it on his empty plate. “That’s better than here at least. We’d better get back to work—because unlike you, I have no intentions of riding out the storm on this island.”
“Yes, sir.” She saluted and hopped up.
“You have enough to eat?”
“Yes, thank you.”
“You sure?”
“Yes, Chase, I had enough to eat. You act like my mother.”
“Making sure,” he said.
“What about these dishes?”
“I’ll toss the paper in the trash. Wash the glasses later. Be right back.” He stacked the plates, then cupped the drink glasses in the crook of his elbow and headed toward the kitchen.
As the door swung behind him, closing off the space he and Mari had shared, he exhaled. He’d be on the mainland by nightfall, away from the frothing sea and its creatures. After the storm, a few more trips back to the island and he’d be done with the bar. For good. 
That was what he wanted, right? Even though he was leaving Mari behind. It was the only option.
He set the dishes on the counter, then headed to the bar. Mari stood at the window, looking out at the sea, her figure silhouetted by the light coming through the window. Such sweet curves. Soft under his naked body. His dick surged. 
Gotta stop that, man. No time for such thoughts. He’d given in once, and he couldn’t allow that to happen again.
She stood between him and the ocean like a lifeguard station or lighthouse. She was still, and he realized she was whistling softly.
What did she see in the massive dark waves? Did she hear what he used to hear? The beckoning of the ocean—the calling? He’d heard the music of the water in his soul, playing like an unrelenting melody—until the accident. Now, the sea offered nothing but discordance and bad memories. He reached out his hand toward her, then dropped it to his side.
No, it could never be.
* * * *
Chase held the last piece of plywood up to the cedar window frame. His fingers were sore and stiff from the wood’s rough assault. The banging of shutters upstairs had stopped at least an hour ago, and the guys had gone to catch the afternoon ferry off the island. He and Mari were the only ones left at the bar.
“Hold it!” he grunted. 
As the day progressed, his arms had tired, and he was struggling to hold the heavy sheets of wood on his own. She was surely tired too, but she hadn’t complained a bit. And thankfully, this was the last window. He could barely believe it, as it felt like they’d been boarding up for weeks. 
Light rain misted every time the wind surged, and his shirt lay damp against his back. A hot shower, once he got inland to a hotel, would go a long way toward easing his tension. Then a long nap to forget the weather, the bar, Mari.
The plan seemed simple.
She put her hands on the wood, then turned and held it in place with her back. “I’m exhausted. We’ve been a lot slower this afternoon. It’s taken forever.”
He leaned over her. “Last one, then the heavy work is done.” He pulled the drill trigger and tightened the screw. “I still have to check the storm shutters and make sure the guys did a good job. Clean up. It only takes one breach, and there’ll be water and mess all over the bar.”
The ocean had taken away everything he cared about. He wouldn’t let it take the bar too. If the property was damaged, the buyers wouldn’t have to follow through and he’d be stuck until he could rebuild and sell. That wasn’t happening if he could help it.
“I’ll help you check the shutters. It didn’t take them long to close them. We should have installed shutters on the lower level.”
“I couldn’t afford it.”
“Oh.”
“Thank you for staying to help. I appreciate it.” 
If she hadn’t been around to talk to him and distract him, he’d have had to fight with his memories the whole afternoon, and he’d still be putting up the plywood. Not to mention the awesome sex. No. He had to stop thinking about that. One-time slipup.
“You’re welcome.”
“Well, thank you.”
He inserted screws along the top of the board, reaching over her to secure it above her head. Her chest rose and fell, inches from his, and he swore he could feel the heat radiating from her body. She was close, he could pin her to the plywood with his body without much effort. 
She looked up into his eyes and smiled. His heart jumped and he looked away. He couldn’t get involved—and they didn’t have time for another round of sex, even if he thought it was a good idea, which it wasn’t.
She wiggled beneath his outstretched arms, and he moved the power tool so he wouldn’t hit her in the head. “Hold still,” he mumbled. A gust of rainy wind swept between them, releasing a few long strands of pale hair from her clip. She looked like a creature from a fairy tale. An elf, maybe.
A distraction.
The rain was picking up and it wouldn’t be long until it was constant. The storm neared, too close for comfort. Things were about to change, and he knew he’d better be ready. He looked into her wide, blue eyes, and her lips parted.
Every fiber of his heart wanted to reach in and claim those lips.
“Why Kansas, Chase?” she asked, almost whispering. A few drops of rain dotted her cheeks like tears. “Why now? It’s like you are giving up on everything.”
Irritation boiled in his stomach, replacing the sexy butterflies that had danced there moments ago. “I want to be as far from the ocean as I can get.” He set another screw. The aroma of her coconut soap wafted up to him. She leaned close, the loose strands of her hair tickling his skin as the wind whipped. He shivered.
“But why?” He could have sworn she batted her eyes. “There isn’t anything in Kansas. Except little dogs and tornadoes.”
“Hurricanes spawn tornadoes too.” He placed the last screw then stepped back. “And Kansas has rainbows.”
“And tornadoes.”
“Not hurricanes.”
“Well, I don’t think your brother would approve of you picking up and leaving the bar and everything you built here together. Not hunting rainbows. You belong near the ocean.”
He set the drill down and clenched his fists. One, two… He stuck his hands in his pockets then took a deep breath.
One…two…three…
She couldn’t understand—this was his burden to bear. He’d all but murdered his brother by not saving him. If he’d only been able to stay conscious, or triggered their emergency comm unit, he might have been able to save Luke. 
But he’d panicked and sucked in water like a recruit. No one could understand the guilt he’d taken on that night. Guilt that pressed on him daily, like a second skin made of stone. Weighing him down. Threatening to drown him.
He turned to her, trying to keep his voice low and firm. “I don’t give a fuck what you think. Stop asking about my move. It is what it is. Got it?”
Her eyes widened.
He turned away and stomped up the stairs to check the shutters.
She didn’t follow.
Way to go, asshole. You always know what to say. 

Chapter Six
What a jerk. Mari banged her flip-flop on the sand. A freaking jerk with broad shoulders and a tight butt. She dropped the shoe beside its mate. 
Chase was such an enigma—grouchy then soft then grouchy again without any warning. It was almost like he was a mood ring with a short-circuiting sensor. She wiggled to get more comfortable, her shorts damp from the wet sand. If only she could risk taking a swim, she could work off some of her frustration.
It was too dangerous now. If anyone saw her, it’d be impossible to explain. She scanned the waves. They were gaining strength, rolling over one another in an endless rush to shore.
She’d seen the way Chase treated his employees. He was a great boss, giving his workers time off, bonuses, and raises he probably couldn’t afford. He’d babysat for one bartender when the guy had to visit a friend in the hospital. But people had also walked off the job because he’d yelled at them for the smallest thing.
It made no sense. He ran hot and then cold with no warning.
Rain drizzled, the faint drops merging on her skin into moist patches. She blinked away the dampness on her eyelashes and stared out over the gray water, remembering the touch of his fingertips along her shoulder. Wind rushed off the waves in a burst, and she shivered, goose bumps popping up along her skin. 
He was frustrating.
She loved the way the light streaked across his angry eyes like a flash of lightning over a dark sea. Placid, green oceans filled those same eyes when someone needed a helping hand. 
Hard to believe he didn’t have a girlfriend. Once Kelly left, Mari hoped to be the next in line, but he hadn’t asked her out or shown any more interest than before. Not to her or anyone else. She sighed. Crazy to think he’d talked to her more in the last day than he had in total over the last few months. And they’d had sex, then eaten sandwiches like nothing had happened.
He couldn’t be more confusing if he tried.
The storm neared, and the sky was pure roiling steel with fast-moving clouds rushing inland like a movie on fast-forward. The rain fell harder, and she wrapped her arms around her chest. 
She needed to go back to the bar to warm up, but she wanted to give Chase some time to get his emotions in check. She didn’t see his anger often—at least not directed at her. But his sullen aloofness was as bad, if not worse, than his anger. One minute she wanted to scream at him, and the next she wanted to be in his arms. Wasn’t that how her mother always described marriage?
She picked up a stick of knotty driftwood and drew a small heart in the sand beside her. She looked back toward the bar to make sure he wasn’t anywhere in sight, then she added her name and his to the sand, like a prayer to the sea gods to grant her wish.
“The ocean gives, and it takes away,” she whispered. “But I’m asking for one thing, that’s all.”
The wind gusted, sending a spray of sand across her drawing, obscuring the words. Chase needed help, but he wouldn’t let anyone in. Her heart ached to soothe his grief over his brother’s death. She’d feel lost if her sister died—and maybe do some crazy things too. But his grief was much deeper than a loss.
Guilt.
He blamed himself for Luke’s death, and the passage of time hadn’t lessened his feelings in the least. He wanted to run from the memories. Why the hell would a diver want to live in Kansas? There wasn’t an ocean within a day’s drive in any direction. And how would being away from the ocean he and Luke both loved solve anything?
She looked over her shoulder toward the rain-darkened dunes. The bar was barely visible over the hills of sand and dune grass, though from the deck you could see most of the beach. No Chase in sight.
That black night had been both happy and awful in the same moment. She’d saved Chase. She would’ve saved Luke too, if she’d been able. She shook her head and retraced the heart in the sand. Luke was already dead when she arrived, and if she’d tried to swim him in too, Chase might have drowned. She didn’t have a choice.
She had to save who she could.
Another gust of wind pelted her with prickles of sand, and she wiped her face. The waves crashed and churned, and she studied the boiling sea, her home for most of her life. The surface of the water danced an angry dance, while underneath, it moved slowly and heavily like a hammock or a child rocking in its mother’s arms. The deep was filled with mysteries humans were oblivious to—they only saw the surface wildness. If only she could show Chase those wonders.
“Mari,” a voice called.
She squinted, looking down the beach in each direction. No one on the sand but a couple of lone gulls fluttering to keep afloat in the stiff breeze. The wind rippled through the dune grass, crinkling and crimping it over before it sprang back like elastic.
She stood and brushed the sand off her backside. No one. Nothing. Maybe she’d imagined the voice. A seagull shrieked as it dove over the pier, looking for a snack. Too bad she couldn’t ask the gull if he’d called her. 
Contrary to what movies portrayed, birds didn’t talk to mermaids any more than they talked to people. Too bad, because talking to gulls might be pretty entertaining, if a little noisy.
“Mari,” the voice called, louder this time. “Come out here.” It sounded like it came from…the waves.
She gazed out near the middle of the pier and into the water. That voice was familiar.
Shit. 
Inna.
She scanned the wave tops. He waved, bobbing near one of the far pylons, long brown hair knotted into a thick braid. His deeply tanned skin contrasted with the gray, choppy water. Her heart thumped and she whistled the Imperial March from Star Wars. He was the last mer she expected to see.
Her betrothed wasn’t someone to mess around with.
Inna knew she hated for him to come see her on the island—it was risky because he didn’t know how to behave around humans. Plus, there was more of a chance of spotting two merpeople hanging out than one trying to keep a low profile—especially if they had shifted from their human forms. Seeing him reminded her of everything she was trying to get away from.
He motioned her to join him, and she could sense his scowl, even if she couldn’t see it clearly from where she stood.
Maybe she should run back to the bar and not deal with him at all.
He’d follow me. And then he’d see Chase, and Chase would see him too. That could only end in bad things.
Taking a quick look up and down the beach to make sure it was still empty, she stripped off her T-shirt and shorts. Her pink underwear flapped like a flag when she pulled it off, and she balled it up and tucked it in her clothing. She dropped her clothes on the sand and placed a rock on them to keep them from blowing away then glanced at Inna. He was staring. She ran out under the pier and into the water.
The waves hit her one by one as she walked out, splashing up her ankles, then her knees, then her thighs, and she shivered. The sand shifted beneath her feet in the strong undertow, and she dug her toes in as she walked. The water, cool for September, pushed and pulled at her until she was over waist deep. She closed her eyes and slid under the water.
Changing form had become a little more difficult since she didn’t swim every day, but it wasn’t painful. Some merpeople had problems if they stayed on land for too long—they’d either forget how to change or freak out midchange. That was agonizing, apparently. Fortunately, not many got permission to hang out on land long enough for changing to become an issue.
She blew out the last of the air in her lungs and a thousand tiny bubbles jetted toward the surface. Many days, she swam without changing—though that made swimming quite a workout, it was safer around humans. She closed her eyes and allowed the ocean to cradle her, letting the water wash over and under her body. Her hair floated, tickling her shoulders, and she concentrated on tranquility.
Down, arms out, limp. Relax. Feel it. Be it. A tiny buzz stung her inside, below her belly button. Feels so good. The buzz grew warmer in her belly and spread outward until it filled her body with soft vibrations.
Relax.
Blue warmth flowed through her, starting at her head and rushing to her feet, filling her and commanding her body to undulate in time with the moving water. Her tail formed quickly, without pain, long and strong, and she breathed in water, energy, life. 
No longer cold, but warm and familiar, water flowed through her in symbiosis. Joy hammered her heart and she longed to shoot through the water, turning flips and straining her muscles till they heated and burned with the nirvana of being one with the sea.
Her vision crashed, and bubbles rose as she flicked her tail in the strong current. Inna was waiting, and he didn’t like to wait.
She popped her head above the waves for a second and spotted him almost instantly, his thick form dark in the water. She dove under to swim to him. No point in talking under the water—it’d take twice as long to have the conversation and that meant Inna would be around for twice as long. She had to get rid of him as soon as possible. 
The strong current pushed her toward the beach, and she struggled—the storm was already sending out strong waves. Soon, she’d have to head out to sea to avoid its wrath on the little island. Still, her body shook with happiness at getting to swim a little.
“Inna,” she sputtered, surfacing within a few feet of the merman. Relax, breathe air.
“Mari.” His low voice rumbled and sent a chill through her.
“What are you doing here?” She flicked her tail. “You know it isn’t safe. Someone could see you.”
“Safe enough in the water. I can escape with little effort.” His dark gaze bored into her, and he pushed his braid over his shoulder. “I came to bring you home. Your mother sent me. Are you ready to go?”
She breathed deeply before answering, her chest heaving under the bobbing waves and her tail floating above the sandbar. Talking to Inna was all about carefully selecting what to say and when and how to say it. “I’m not ready yet,” she said. “I’m not done with storm prep at the shop.”
“You know your mother’s expecting you.” He bobbed on the waves, the waterline hitting him below his armpits, mercifully covering his nakedness though he was in merform. He wasn’t muscular in the same way as Chase, but thick and solid. His foul attitude made him seem bigger than he was, and all his scowling and frowning added to the intimidation factor. “You need to come home now.”
“Mom knows I have a business to run. She’ll understand.” She wouldn’t, but Mari hoped her saying it would convince Inna. Rain sheeted sideways on her, though she stood under the pier, and she wiped her face with her wet hands.
“You mean she’ll have to deal with you trying to prove your independence again. You know you’re breaking her heart with this nonsense. You belong under the water. With your people. With me.”
Mari shook her head. She should slip under and swim away. So much quieter underwater… “I can’t leave yet.”
“A strong storm is coming.” Inna ducked under a wave then popped up again. “You’ll be safer at home.”
“This is my home now. And I plan to leave—but not yet. I need to protect my store. Then I’ll swim home on my own.” She scowled and crossed her arms. “I do know the way. I don’t need you to show me. I’ve done it a thousand times.”
Inna looked out over the waves toward the horizon and stared at some unknown point. “I don’t see what you like about the world above the water. Dismal. Why do you prefer to live here? It’s so…bare and so damn loud. How can you choose this over the serenity of the ocean?”
Mari shrugged and rubbed her face. The water slapped against the pylons, adding to the din. She raised her voice. “I love the warmth of the sun on my skin, and the brush of a cool breeze, and the clarity of music on land.”
Inna stared, unmoving. The hairs on the back of her neck rose as she sensed she had said too much. If he suspected she wanted to stay on land forever, he might try to force her to go back.
“Come now.” He raised his voice over the waves and his jaw clenched. “This place isn’t your home, nor will it ever be. I’m tired of waiting on you to get over this rebellious streak. You belong under the water with me.”
“I can’t.” Mari dipped under the water as a large wave washed over her, then came back up, slicking her hair away from her face.
Inna frowned, his brow furrowing almost down to his nose. Hadn’t he learned that anger got him nothing? Merpeople feared him and stayed away from him and even her mother kept her visits short. Too bad the betrothal had been agreed upon when she and Inna were children—before he revealed his true nature. That hadn’t been enough to annul things—too much riding on the union of the tribes.
He smacked the water with his hand, sending up a splash, and Mari flinched. “It’s that navy diver man, isn’t it?” His dark eyes slanted as he scowled. “The one that owns the building you live in. You’re still here because of him, aren’t you?”
Mari stared over his shoulder, out toward the darkening horizon. “No.” She had to play this carefully. If anything trumped Inna’s anger, it was his jealousy. She shuddered and fear rose in her belly. Inna was a monster when he was jealous.
“I saw him come out of your shop yesterday. And I saw you laughing with him today as you put boards on the windows.” Thunder rolled over the ocean, echoing off the waves, and Inna briefly scanned the water before turning back to her. “It’s him, isn’t it? You want to be with him.”
“You’re spying on me,” Mari said. She clenched her jaw. Talk about jerks. She pictured Inna sitting on a stool in the corner with a dunce hat on, mouth duct taped. Then he ripped off the duct tape and came at her, hands at her throat. Fear spread through her chest. Inna was scary in her fantasies. “And no, I’m not staying because of him.”
“We’re betrothed,” Inna said. “You’re my responsibility. Not his. I could have helped you board up.” A large wave washed over them both and Mari grabbed for him so she wouldn’t smash into the pier pylon. He clutched her hands and pulled her through the water to him.
She froze as he wrapped his arms around her—not in a caring way, but possessively. Hard and almost painful. “You need to come home.” He squeezed. “And learn your place.”
Her fear changed to a panicked anger, and she wriggled her tail against his, slapping at him. “I told you. I will.” She shoved him away. “When I finish up here. It won’t be long.”
“You’ll learn to obey,” Inna muttered. “I’ll see to it. Your navy diver man will no longer be an issue—you’ll forget him. I promise.” The rain pecked at the ocean’s surface.
Tears flowed down Mari’s cheeks, mixed with the rainfall and the seawater. Life was not fair. “When you saw Chase, he was coming to tell me that I had to move my shop. He’s selling the bar and moving far away. I’m not staying because of him. I’m staying for my shop. My life.” 
Only a partial lie, but with Inna, lies often were the only way around the anger. He’d never control her. She’d swim to the farthest ocean cave and live alone before she’d submit to him. No matter what her mother said.
Inna raised his eyebrows. “He’s leaving? That’s the best news I’ve heard in ages.”
“Glad it makes you happy.” She set her mouth in a line and crossed her arms. She struggled to keep herself upright in the water. After the day of hard work, every muscle ached—even her tail fin.
Inna smiled, but his eyes remained firm, like something else was bothering him. As long as it didn’t affect her, she didn’t care. “He will be out of our lives for good. A great wedding present. I assure you; he’ll be gone one way or another.”
“What?” Mari’s stomach took a dive. Wedding. Not Inna. Not that wedding.
An image of her and Chase’s wedding, followed by the two of them rolling in a bed of flower petals, popped into her mind, the breeze pulling in scents of lavender and honeysuckle. Kissing, stroking… The sea around her faded into quiet oblivion. Oh yeah. Soft flower petals across his smooth chest…and a talking seagull hopping across the floor squawking about love and babies and rainbow hearts.
“Mari? What is wrong with you?” Inna took her by the shoulders and shook her. “Can’t you focus for one conversation? You’re so dense sometimes.”
“Huh?” Mari sighed as the image of her and Chase vanished. No more flower petals and kissing. Stormy seas and Inna. A nightmare. She sucked in a deep breath, then flipped her tail to keep her position in the water, putting her back against the rough pylon for support.
“Does this mean you’ll come home for good?” He swam closer, putting his hands above her head, against the pylon. His tail brushed hers and she recoiled.
“I don’t know,” she said, raising her voice over the sound of the water. “I have to get back to shore and finish prepping. As you said, there’s a storm coming.”
“Fine,” he said. “Finish your pointless work. When will you leave?”
“Later tonight,” she said. “Give me some time to finish stuff here. I’ll leave before the storm gets bad.” She pushed against the pylon, the rough and barnacled wood scratching into her back as she moved to avoid his touch.
He glared and she looked into his eyes—dark and soulless. She wasn’t about to let him win the stare-down. He traced along her jawline with his finger, and she quivered but didn’t move.
He grabbed her chin and leaned close. “Fine. See that you do,” he said. “It isn’t safe for you to be on land when this thing hits. And whether you believe me or not, I do care about you and your safety.” He tried to plant a kiss on her mouth, but at the last second, she turned her head enough that his kiss landed on her cheek. He growled. “When we’re married, you’ll reciprocate. And you’ll enjoy it.” He flipped and dove into an oncoming wave.
Mari slipped under the water to clear her thoughts. If she never saw Inna again, it would be too soon.


Chapter Seven
“Are you fucking kidding me?” Chase yelled into his cell. “Well, what are we supposed to do now?” 
He slammed his hand down on the bar. Fucking idiots. Why hadn’t anyone let the local media know that the four o’clock ferry would be the last one off the island? They’d had at least thirty minutes to warn people. Why hadn’t the police come through with their loudspeakers on their patrol cars? 
“Thanks a lot, man. For nothing.” He clicked off his cell and ran his hand over his face. Dammit. What now?
“What’s wrong?” Mari asked, combing out her hair. She’d changed into another pink T-shirt, this one a richer shade.
He took a deep breath and struggled to keep his calm. “We’re stranded.”
“What?” She pushed her damp hair over her shoulder and sat at the bar. “What do you mean?”
“We’re both stranded. As in no way off the island. If you wanted to leave, it isn’t going to happen. We’re stuck.” Chase tossed his phone on the bar. “I can’t fucking believe this. I had no intention of riding out this storm here. I wanted a nice warm hotel room away from the water.”
“Oh, no.”
“Dammit! This can’t be happening.”
“What happened to the five o’clock ferry?”
“Canceled. The water’s too choppy and the storm’s apparently sped up and there’s a good chance the ferry would get into trouble, so they aren’t running any more today.” He held his head. “And I’m getting a fucking migraine. I can’t deal with this right now.”
She grabbed a glass and filled it with ice water. He watched her move. Graceful and fluid, she didn’t look a bit stressed at the news. Her arms, lean and with slight curves, could cut through water effortlessly. He’d bet anything that she would make a fantastic diver because her body was built to swim. And have sex.
Why am I thinking this now? I’m stranded!
“I don’t know what to say.” She sat back at the bar. “I’m sorry. You wouldn’t want to be on a ferry that was at risk for capsizing, right? I’m sure they made the best decision, given the conditions.”
He squeezed his eyes shut. The thought of being dumped into the cold, stormy waters off North Carolina again? Not pleasant. His shoulders twitched.
Flail. Suck in water. It was all you could do when the air ran out.
He’d thought he’d planned it well with plenty of time to get off the island and go a couple hundred miles inland, maybe to Raleigh. Wait the storm out, then return to the bar and get the place ready to close. The realtor had promised some help getting things professionally packed, and it wouldn’t take long to get out for good. 
Dammit. He opened his eyes and reached for a glass to pour some of his favorite Scotch into. The good stuff, Port Ellen, reserved for situations like this.
Luke’s favorite.
He hadn’t had any of the single malt Scotch since Luke’s funeral, preferring to drown his sadness in cheaper varieties of alcohol. His hands trembled as he set the glass on the bar. “Want a drink?”
“No, thanks,” she said. “I’ll stick with water.” She swirled the ice cubes in the glass. “Why didn’t they let us know the ferry was leaving early?”
“Good damn question.”
“Maybe they had to move quickly. Surely we aren’t the only ones left.”
He retrieved the Scotch from behind the other bottles on the high bar shelf and wiped the dust off with a napkin. Customers couldn’t order this one. Not only was it the bottle he and Luke had shared, but it had cost a small fortune. Reserved for special occasions.
Like preparing to die.
“They didn’t know we were still here, apparently.” His voice shook, but he couldn’t control it. “Most everyone else is off the island—except for those diehards that never run from a storm.” Idiots. And he was joining the ranks unintentionally. 
He poured a small amount of the golden-brown alcohol into his glass, then lifted it and took a whiff. Potent, like he remembered.
“I’ll check the news.” She grabbed the TV remote and clicked it. “See if there’s an update to the forecast. Maybe we’re going to get lucky after all.”
Not likely. Closing his eyes, he dumped the Scotch into his mouth, rolled it around, then savored the licorice burn as it went down his throat and into his stomach. Sweet escape. Temporary and expensive, like most things in his life. 
He replaced the lid on the bottle and pushed it back on the bar’s edge. No point in putting it away, he’d need more of it soon. This was at least a two-drink occasion.
The cheerful weather gal came onscreen, smiling and perky as always. Like she enjoyed the pending potential devastation. 
“Giselle has been upgraded to a strong Category Two on the Saffir–Simpson scale. Expect dangerous winds and heavy damage along the coastline and flooding of low-lying areas. We’ll definitely have a wash-over on some of the beach highways and we’re already seeing tropical-storm-force wind gusts on barrier islands. We expect landfall not long after midnight at the storm’s current speed…”
“Damn. It.” He had the overwhelming urge to throw his glass at the TV, but he didn’t want to frighten Mari. Or make a mess. “Turn it off. I don’t want to hear any more. We’re fucking stuck and there’s nothing we can do about it.” He squeezed the glass, wishing it would break in his hand. A little pain would divert the fear in his gut.
“But…”
“Turn it off. We’ll check it again later. No point in hearing the same thing over and over. For now, we need to figure out what to do.” Draw up fresh water? Check flashlight batteries? Find his shortwave radio? Drink another shot? “Pull together emergency supplies while we can.”
“I’ll stay here.” She stared into his eyes. “With you.”
Chase glared at her. Yeah, he’d assumed she’d stay, but hearing her say it, well, it did make him feel a little better. “Not like you have a choice.” Yay for snark. “Unless you’re going to your friend’s place.”
“No. I’ll stay with you.” She hopped up from the barstool, her tight T-shirt riding up and showing a crescent of tan skin across her stomach. She yanked the shirt down. “Well, I could stay downstairs in my room if it’d make you feel better.”
Chase groaned. He wanted to rip the pink shirt off. To shreds. What was he thinking? He needed to be preparing, not staring.
“Don’t be ridiculous. You’ll stay here in the bar.” He paced. “We’re higher up anyway, and there isn’t any point in either of us doing this alone.”
If she stayed, he could at least pretend that he was protecting her—though he’d failed miserably at protecting those he cared for. 
Luke. But he didn’t care for her that way. A friend. Nothing more.
Sex.
No.
She pulled her hair back. Chase watched the hem of her shirt ride up again, this time enough to reveal the skin of her back. A peek. He turned away, sure that his cheeks had flamed at the sight.
“We need to gather supplies,” he said, surprised at the softness of his voice. “Water. Flashlights. Dinner.”
“Okay, I have some flashlights downstairs. I’ll go get them. Do you think we should check the island for other people who got left behind?”
“I think anyone else still stuck here either wants to be here or is already hunkered down. We’d never find them.” He rubbed his face. “Bring some blankets too. We’ll sleep on the couches.” Or they could both sleep in his bed. Had he changed the sheets lately? “The storm surge could flood the whole downstairs.”
“Do you think it’ll be that bad?” Her lower lip quivered. “Maybe I should have packed everything in my shop, but they weren’t predicting such a strong storm. I could lose everything if it’s a bad surge.”
“You know you can never tell with hurricanes.” He took a deep breath. Definitely more Scotch. “I hope it’s not going to be that bad, but we need to be ready for the worst. A Cat Two storm is nothing to take lightly.” He slammed his palm onto the counter again and Mari jumped. “Damn it. I want off this fucking island. I don’t want to be here.”
Eyes wide, she took a step back.
“Sorry.” He ran his hand over his face and chin. What the hell was wrong with him? “I’m not happy about the situation.”
“I can tell.” She gripped the edge of her shirt. “Sorry you’re stuck spending the night with me.”
He raised his gaze to meet hers, and for a moment, “spend the night” took on a whole new meaning. There was no one else he’d rather spend the night with. And he was fantasizing again. Great. He could be swept out to sea overnight, and he was thinking about fucking her to oblivion in his bed while the storm beat on the building. Turning to the bar, he leaned over it. “I didn’t mean it the way it sounded,” he said. “I’m happy for the company. I don’t want to face this storm alone, but I’d rather not be facing it at all.”
Warm hands slid up the backs of his arms and he jerked away. What the hell? He spun around and her eyes filled with what could only be fright.
Oh, shit. “Sorry.” He gulped. “I’m not used to being snuck up on. Anxiety and all.” Brilliant save and every bit of it true. He rubbed his arms to silence the tingling she’d caused.
“I was comforting you.”
“You startled me.” He ducked his head. When he looked up, she was trying to meet his gaze.
“It’s okay,” she said. “We’ll do the best we can.”
Was he imagining it, or was she giving him bedroom eyes? He blinked and the look was gone from her face.
Still, her soft lips, slightly parted, whispered something. “Chase.” Her voice sounded like it was underwater. His heart hammered. Damn, he had to get control of his emotions.
“Yeah?” He swallowed the lump in his throat.
“My shop. I’ve worked so hard and now… What if I lose it all?”
Tears filled her eyes, and she wiped them away with a swipe of her hand. Here he was thinking about water and flashlights, and sleeping with her, and she was worried about losing her whole livelihood. He had become good at being a jerk. 
“It’s going to be okay,” he said. “You have insurance if nothing else. Things can be replaced. People can’t. I’ve learned that the hard way.”
“True.” She chewed her lower lip. “People can’t be replaced. And I can start my business over if I have to. Right?”
“Right.”
“I’ll start bringing stuff upstairs,” she continued. “Glad there’s the inside access. Otherwise we wouldn’t be getting anything from my apartment. I know I have a few extra blankets in my closet. Plus, a flashlight or two.” She headed toward the hallway. “You should check the supply closet.”
“Mari?” He almost reached for her but stopped. As much as he would enjoy another roll in the hay, he was afraid it would turn out to be much more than one night. She was the kind of girl that he could spend a lifetime with. 
In another life, maybe. No risking it now, he couldn’t afford any more responsibilities. Especially people. People always left without saying good-bye. Luke, then Kelly.
“Yes?”
“We’ll get through this night together. One way or another.” He knew these were the right words to say to comfort her, but the words did anything but ease his anxiety.
This storm was going to fuck him over good. He could feel it.


Chapter Eight
Mari leaned against the weathered railing and strained to see out over the hazy rain-soaked beach—the waves barely visible against the palette of grays. Her breath caught in her chest and formed a lump that wouldn’t dislodge. 
She’d be spending the night with Chase. Sort of. The bar railing shuddered in the gusty wind, and her hair whipped around her head, slapping against her arms. They’d be alone all night, the two of them.
Sure, a hurricane would be raging outside, but they’d be close, perhaps in the dark if the electricity went out. Her heart thumped and blood rushed to her cheeks. Another romp with him would drown out any fears she had. Whether Chase could overcome his fear of the storm was another matter. He got so serious every time the subject came up.
She scanned the horizon. Inna was somewhere out there in the churning water, waiting for her to swim home like a good little mermaid. And when he found out she hadn’t come home and wasn’t going home, he was going to be pissed. But she was old enough and independent enough to do this on her own. Inna and her mother would have to deal with it. Once the storm started, it would be better to stay put. 
Besides, Chase needed her.
The water smacked against the shore, the waves louder as they rolled in with the stormy tide. Sunset was near, though it was impossible to tell with the blossoming of dark clouds across the sky. Her rain-soaked clothes stuck to her, and she shivered each time the wind gusted.
Hopefully, Chase’s mood would change soon—his grumpy act was a bit annoying. Sure, she understood that the upcoming storm made him nervous, but things would work out, she was sure of it. Wouldn’t they?
A lone gull shrieked by, and it sounded like he said, “Doom, doom…” She smiled. Probably it was a good thing she couldn’t talk to the birds. To capture Chase’s heart would take more than a hurricane and a few talking gulls. She watched the gull fly inland, likely looking for a place to wait out the storm.
Maybe she could lure him with her mermaid’s song. All it took was a bit of courage, right? Then sing her heart out. As if. Talk about screaming “doom”—if he had to listen to her singing, she’d be doomed. No way that would work. Maybe she could get her sister to record a CD, or Mari could try whistling to him. She could whistle—well. She snickered. Unconventional, yeah, but it might work. 
She’d get him to stay, somehow. It’d take more than music, but it would happen. And tonight, he was all hers. She’d use whatever she could to get him to stick around long enough to fall in love.
She scanned the turbulent water for any sign of Inna. He’d likely come back soon—before the storm got too bad. He wanted her home. Her mother wanted her home. What would she tell him if he came?
Chase had told her they would get through the storm together—that was the sweet and protective man she loved. If only she knew how to ease his grief about his brother—then, she might be able to get his attention on other things, like living. Loving.
Lingering outside in the wind and rain wasn’t getting her any closer to her goal. She should get back inside and help with the storm prep. 
Chase was already drawing up extra drinking water in the kitchen—in case they needed fresh water after the storm. She tapped her fingers on the railing. 
Deep breath.
The night in the bar would give her the chance to get to know the real Chase, not the growly bear he was being now. Thunder echoed in the distance and stalks of bright lightning dropped out of the sky near the horizon, momentarily lighting up the surface of the ocean like polished silver. Though thunderstorms weren’t common in hurricanes, they did sometimes form, especially in a strengthening storm. The night would be memorable, one way or another.
How bad could a storm be if you were spending it with the person you loved?
The dune grass bent almost horizontally to the ground and clouds of sand rolled down the beach like tumbleweeds. She longed to be out in the water. If it wouldn’t worry Chase, she’d take another swim. A dark blur caught her attention on the sand, and she strained to see what the bobbing movement coming up the boardwalk path was.
Her mouth went dry at the sight.
Inna.
Damn.
“Not again,” she whispered. If Chase saw him, she’d have a lot of explaining to do, and they were explanations she wasn’t ready to offer. He was already fragile and finding out she was a mermaid might send him off the deep end. 
Finding out she was betrothed?
That would be the proverbial straw that broke the camel’s back. Or the mermaid’s.
Her heartbeat pounded in her ears, and she squeezed her eyes shut. Inna could ruin everything before anything got started between her and Chase. Between Inna and the storm, she and Chase had little chance of coming through this as friends, much less anything more.
When she opened her eyes, Inna was coming up the dune stairs. Assertive and tall, he was as menacing on land as he was in the water.
She dashed down the bar’s wooden steps to meet him on the lower deck where Chase would have less of a chance of seeing him. She took a deep breath and tried to relax. She could handle him. 
Her shop door looked odd, all boarded up—sad, defeated. How things had changed in a day. No sunny rays streaming across the wood and into her glass-doored little store. Only the hand-painted sign she’d made, MERMAID’S PURSE, above the door, left any impression that the shop still existed behind the boards. But it did exist, and she had to fight for it. And she would.
She’d worked hard making the Mermaid’s Purse a success, and it wasn’t fair that her work was threatened both by a hurricane and by Chase’s demons—at the same time. And now Inna was complicating things. Was this what being a grown-up was like?
It sucked.
Lightning flashed, illuminating Inna from behind, naked and wet from swimming, as he strode up the stairs to the porch. His dark countenance and slumped shoulders bore the same anger he’d had when she talked to him in the water. He was always ready to pounce, at least with sharp words and a frown.
“Ready to go?” he called. “I’ve been waiting. Looks like you’re done.”
“No.” Her voice quavered. Firm, not contentious. “No,” she repeated, maybe a little too loudly. 
She didn’t want to make him any angrier than he already was. The key to controlling him was all about tolerance and restraint. Don’t upset him, let him believe she was somewhat under his control, then do what she wanted behind his back. Confronting him was rarely a good option unless cornered.
“I’m tired of waiting.” His face contorted into a scowl and a long rumble of thunder wavered in the air like the growl of a wild animal. If she didn’t know better, she’d say that Inna controlled the weather.
“You don’t have to wait. I’m fine. You go on home.”
He stopped a few feet from her, his bare chest rising and falling with slight exertion. His muscles glistened with rain or seawater; she didn’t know which.
Unlike Chase, his physique didn’t excite her—it frightened her. Inna could force her to do whatever he wanted—he was strong in all the wrong ways.
“Currents are rough—the storm is blowing in. We need to go now.”
She shuddered. The merman gave off all kinds of bad vibes. An image of being chained in an undersea cave while fish with purple teeth nibbled at her toes blinked in her mind. Yeah, being married to him would be like that. Not the fun kind of tying up. She swallowed her fear and cleared her throat.
“I’m riding the storm out here. You can go. I’ll be home another day. Maybe tomorrow if there isn’t much damage from the weather.”
“I’m not leaving without you, Mari.” He came to stand within inches of her. He peered down at her, his pupils dilating with need, and evidence of his desire reaching out to her. “You’re my responsibility. I honor my responsibilities. My desires.”
Feeling the wet heat of his body in her personal space, she took a step back, thankful it was beginning to get dark—Chase wouldn’t see Inna in the cloudy dusk if he came out onto the upper deck. What the hell would he think if he found her talking to a naked man? She glanced toward the stairs.
No sign of Chase.
“I’m not your responsibility, yet.” She hissed the last word. Like never. “And I’m fine here, so you can go.” Unless Inna went upstairs to the bar. She had to make sure that wouldn’t happen. “I have to protect my shop.”
“Looks like your little shop is all boarded up already.” Inna gestured toward the door. “Not much more you can do unless you plan to hold the boards while the wind blows.” He pushed his wet braid over his shoulder.
Mari looked into his face, searching for a soft spot, but finding nothing that resembled empathy. The fading light cast long, deep shadows over one side of his face and his strong features stood out in contrast. 
She took a deep breath. “I need to be here in case the water gets too high,” she said. “I might be able to salvage some things if there’s flooding. If I’m not here and the water rises, I’ll lose it all.”
“It’s not safe to stay.” Inna kicked at the floor planks with his bare foot. “The shop is too low, and those little stilts aren’t going to keep you dry if the storm’s bad. And if you’re inside, the whole structure could fall on you.” He tried to make eye contact, but she looked over his shoulder. “Trinkets can be replaced. You can’t.”
“I’ll be fine. I’m smart enough not to take risks.” Funny, Chase had said the same thing about people not being replaceable. But, when Inna said it, it sounded territorial and controlling, not concerned. The wind whipped strands of wet hair across her face. “Go home. I’ll be fine.”
She had to stay to protect Chase. She’d saved him once, and she’d be there if he needed rescuing again. It was part duty and part…something else. Inna would never understand.
Inna’s eyes filled with realization and his jaw tightened. “Unless you mean you are staying here to protect him. The navy diver man.” He tightened his grip.
“No. That isn’t it.” Her heart pounded and she wondered if he sensed her lie.
“I get it. You saved him,” Inna said. “But it’s time to let him go. You don’t have to be the mermaid that pines over the sailor she rescued, that’s so last century. You know those things never work out except in Hollywood movies.”
“It isn’t that, I swear.” She blinked to hide her lie. “I need to protect my shop.”
“Are you staying upstairs with him?”
Her heart dropped. Inna wasn’t dumb. He’d have figured it out eventually, but she had hoped it would be after he left. “I’m staying in the bar.” She took a step over to the railing and gazed out over the sea, trying to appear calm. “Not with him.”
The deck railing creaked as he grasped it. “In his bedroom.” It wasn’t a question, and she knew it.
“No, of course not.” Her heartbeat sped and she forced herself to calm down. He needn’t see her reaction. As frightened as she was about what he might do, she had to act composed, even if she was frightened. “He’ll be in his room. I’ll be on the couch in the bar. Alone.” She leaned over the railing and pretended to look at the dune. He stepped closer and she turned to face him.
He scrutinized her, squinting and staring, but she held herself firm. Nothing to feel guilty about. It wasn’t like she was lying. She’d be on the couch. Chase might sleep in his room.
“I don’t believe you.”
“Well, it’s true. Chase needs my help and I’m staying to help him. He’s my landlord and it’s in my best interest to be here if I’m needed.” The men didn’t need to cross paths. Ever. Both had tempers and no telling which one would win in an actual fight. “There is nothing more to it. Tomorrow, I’ll swim home so everyone knows I’m okay. I’ll stay a few days and visit, as long as my shop is still fine. Okay?”
“You’re not telling me everything.”
The storm was closing in. 
“What’s the problem?” She turned. She pushed the long straggles of hair out of her face. “Chase is my friend. End of story.” 
She pulled her shirt hem down and stuck her hands in her pockets. That looked confident, didn’t it?
“He wants you.” Inna continued to stare out over the ocean. “The diver man. But you’re mine.” He released the railing and stepped closer. His nostrils flared as he breathed and leaned in, inches from her face. 
“Don’t be ridiculous.” She backed away. Was this cave-merman for real? Still, if he snapped, she could lose everything. “I don’t belong to anyone. Definitely not you.” She poked him in the chest. The wind whipped her hair again, and she grabbed the strands with one hand and held them out of the way.
He closed his eyes.
“And Chase doesn’t want me,” she babbled. Her legs shook. “He’s trying to protect his property.” The wind gave a low howl and sent a burst of rain horizontally across the deck. She crossed her arms over her wet shirt, shivering and still holding on to her hair.
“Right,” Inna said. “His property.”
“Right. The bar. The building. He was planning to leave the island and go inland for the storm but missed the last ferry.” 
Careful. She had to be careful.
“No doubt on purpose.”
“Not on purpose. They canceled the last ferry off the island.” Why was she defending Chase to Inna? 
“You’re coming with me.” He grabbed her wrist. “You aren’t staying the night with that diver man. I don’t trust him. You’re coming home now.”
“Stop.” She winced and yanked her arm free. “You’re hurting me.”
“I’m protecting you.” He put his hands on his hips and she shrank from his bulk.
“Protect me from the storm, or from some made-up relationship with Chase?” Why couldn’t she keep her mouth shut? 
“You’ll come home now.”
“No.”
He stared, mouth open, then crossed his arms. “Your stubbornness is going to get you into more trouble than you can imagine.” 
His dark eyes would have been handsome if only they didn’t shine cold and angry. Devoid of anything resembling love. He wanted control over others, whether it was tribal power or personal power, and that need radiated from him like a submarine’s sonar ping. She shuddered and took a step back.
She could never love Inna. And she could never let him know she loved Chase.
“You have no idea what I know about your navy man,” he whispered. “And if you knew the truth, you’d never want to be around him again. Maybe hell is too good for him.”
She refolded her arms across her chest and remained silent. She wouldn’t take the bait. Wouldn’t. She wouldn’t let him win, no matter how much she wanted to know what he was talking about.
“You’d loathe him as I do,” he pressed.
She closed her eyes and stayed silent.
“It’s unforgivable. And he will pay.”
She opened her eyes and scowled.
He shrugged. “If you don’t want to know, that’s your choice.”
He started to walk away, and she caved, immediately hating that she had. “Tell me.”
He turned, his face lighting up and a wicked smile curved his lips. “The truth? It’ll hurt.” The wind resonated off the ocean and a burst of heavy rain followed. 
“What truth?” He had her attention and he knew it. She hated that she’d given him the satisfaction of making her ask questions, but she did want to know what Chase had supposedly done. Was he seeing Kelly again? Or someone else?
Inna took a big breath and expelled it slowly as he scanned the horizon. He was clearly delaying for dramatic effect. Typical.
“His family kidnapped my great-great-grandmother.” He turned to face her again. “She was kidnapped from the sea. And your diver man’s responsible.”
Mari stared, sure her mouth hung open. She almost laughed, but held it in, knowing Inna would flip out if she did. “What? That’s ridiculous. That had nothing to do with Chase.” Surely he couldn’t expect her to believe that crap.
“It’s true. Likely raped too. She had a child with the privateer that kidnapped her.” He shook his head. “Humans are abominable creatures. I don’t know why you insist on being around them. Savages.”
“What under the sea are you talking about? Did you hit your head on the swim in?”
“Chase’s family abducted my great-great-something-grandmother, Amelia. Maybe murdered her. All we know is that she bore him a child, and we never saw her again. We found out about the child, but no record of Amelia.”
“Oh, come on. That’s a merfolktale.” She ran through the details of the story in her mind. Amelia had gone missing one night, and then was seen on the deck of a pirate ship, moaning in pain. By the time enough merfolk had gathered to save her, the pirate ship was gone, harbored somewhere, no doubt. And Amelia never came back. Some thought she had been murdered.
“She was matriarch of my tribe. My kin. Revenge is my inheritance.” Inna clenched his fists. “I should go kill the diver man with my bare hands right now.”
“No…” Sure, she’d heard the tale a zillion times—it was a favorite among the merfolk. But it wasn’t real. It couldn’t be. “I thought that was only a story,” she said. “A fable.”
“Oh, it happened.” The rain lessened and Inna looked up to the cloudy sky. “Now, move out of my way! I’m going to go see him now. I was going to wait until he was in the ocean, but he never swims anymore. I’ll drag his ass out there and show him what power I have, and then I’ll let him feel what it’s like to die because you can’t breathe. I can’t wait to watch him drown.”
“Don’t!”
“Get out of my way. I don’t know why I waited this long.”
Inna tried to push past her, but Mari stepped in front of him.
“You say you love me.” She put her hands on his chest and pushed him back. “If you do, then don’t do this. Leave Chase alone.”
Inna’s face twisted with emotion. “He deserves to die.”
Could Inna’s story be true? She fumbled with the ends of her wet hair. “If what you say is true—well, it happened a long time ago. Chase wasn’t involved and he can’t be blamed. What if it was his ancestor? Are we to blame for what goes on before we’re born?” She shivered as the wind resonated over the beach and chills raced up her arms.
“It did happen. And it doesn’t matter that diver man wasn’t actually there. His family was, and yes, they are all responsible. His family will pay for what they did.” Inna flexed his fists. “I’m responsible for vengeance.”
Her gut clenched. What the hell? Merfolk revenge pacts could be vicious—or so she’d learned in school. She’d never known of one in current day—merfolk were much more civilized now. Apparently, Inna hadn’t gotten the message. 
She coughed, choking on the tightness in her chest. Too much to take in all at once. If only she could go for a swim, storm be damned. Wind boomed in long, slow rumblings as the storm neared and the rain picked up. Chase was going to come looking for her soon. She wiped the rain out of her eyes. “Please leave him alone. Go home before the storm worsens. I’ll be there soon, and we can talk about this further.”
The wind gusted and Inna looked out over the sea, his jaw tightening. “Murdered, Mari. By humans. By diver man’s family.”
“You don’t know she was murdered. Maybe she died of natural causes. You weren’t there.” Could the stories be true? Her tribe had purportedly been part of the rescue mission, arriving too late to save Amelia, but she thought the whole event was a made-up story to warn merfolk not to interact with humans. The story had been an effective deterrent and most merfolk were afraid of humans. She shoved her wet hair behind her ears. She’d never considered that it could be true.
He cleared his throat. “You know you don’t capture and kill mers without paying for it with your life. That hasn’t changed. Every male heir down the line will also suffer. And I will enjoy it when it is Chase’s turn. Not tonight, only because you ask, and because the storm is heading in too quickly for me to enjoy his death. But it will happen.”
She took a step back. She knew all about the tribal laws, but some of them were archaic—and never enforced. So she had thought. 
“No.” Wind whirled around her, and she struggled to contain her hair in her grasp. “You can’t kill him. That’s wrong.” The cold rain beat down with plunk-plunks on the decking, like a drumbeat. She knew he held grudges, but this was ridiculous. His family had held one for generations?
“An eye for an eye. And now it’s my turn to dispense justice.”
“Justice? Those are innocent people you’re talking about killing.”
“Not innocent, nor do I care they are people, humans.” He spat on the ground. “If I had my way, we’d take out the privateer’s whole line—women too. The only satisfaction I get is that because we let the women live, we have more heirs to kill for blood payment.”
“It’s wrong,” she whispered. Inna was a barbarian. 
Did her mother know about the revenge plot? Was she helping Inna? The words wouldn’t form to ask the question. It was all too much. Her head swam and she struggled to keep herself under control.
“Your diver man will pay the price one day soon, and when he does, I will celebrate his death with a feast. You’ll be at my side as my wife and we will toast his suffering.”
Mari’s stomach dropped and she opened her eyes and looked at Inna, his face immobile, like a statue. She grabbed ahold of the railing and pulled herself up, her legs weak as willowy dune grass and weaving from underneath her, her head spinning. This wasn’t real.
He couldn’t have…
She turned to Inna, and the words formed sticky clumps in her mouth. “You had Chase’s brother killed. That sea creature…it was under your command.” It wasn’t a question. Nausea overtook her and she put her hand over her mouth to keep from gagging. Inna killed Luke! And would have killed Chase if she hadn’t been there to save him. 
Oh, my gods!
Inna smiled, the corners of his lips hard. Stray hairs that had escaped his braid writhed like angry snakes around his face and whipped about his shoulders.
“You did, didn’t you?” she nearly shrieked, but the possibility of retching all over the deck kept her voice low.
“I would have killed your diver man that day too—but you were there. I let you rescue him. I wanted him to feel the loss of his brother. And ever since, you’ve been hanging around diver man like a barnacle on a pylon. That has to end.”
“You kept this from me because you knew I wouldn’t approve. You know it’s wrong.” Tears filled her eyes and her throat constricted. No. No. No.
Inna had killed Luke.
No. If Chase ever found out the truth… 
“I love you, but I don’t care what you think about me.” Inna clenched his fists. “Whether you approve or not, it’s my duty.” Gusty wind sang through the decking and sent a spray of fine sand across the weathered floorboards. The rain answered with a drumbeat.
“How could you?” Tears flowed. The man was more of a beast than she’d imagined. And she had a great imagination.
“I’ll kill him with my hands around his neck. I want him to suffer.”
“He didn’t do anything to you!” She raised her hand to slap the monster.
He grabbed her wrist and wrangled it out of the way. “My family’s bloodline says otherwise. And you’ll soon be part of my family.”
She yanked her hand free. “Never!” She’d never felt such a mix of fear and anger, and her whole body trembled. Rage consumed her and she bit it back with every ounce of control she had. If Inna and Chase faced off right now, one of them would die, and she couldn’t be sure which it would be.
He clutched her shoulders and pulled her to him. His eyes blazed with hatred. “Oh yes, we’ll be married. And you’ll like it. Your mother was a fool to let you play human games. A mermaid has no business on land, and now look what’s happened. Everything’s gotten complicated. You choose him over your own people. Over me. But that’s going to end.”
She shoved him with as much strength as she could muster. Heat filled her and anger slithered up her abdomen, washing away her fear. Inna had killed Luke. And he planned to kill Chase. “Go away.” She scowled. “I can’t stand the sight of you!”
He laughed, loud and cold, and then pulled her to him. The rain poured, slicking her skin. He held her tight and lowered his mouth to hers, hard and cold and foul. He pressed his tongue between her teeth, and she let out a yowl as his naked body surged against her. When he pulled back, he smiled the biggest smile she’d ever seen him sport. Satisfied. Smug.
Ass.
“As you wish, my beloved,” he said, spitting the words as he spoke. “For now. But be assured, I’ll be watching you. I’d carry you off over my shoulder if I didn’t want to wait and let you see the storm take this rickety bar and demolish your stupid little shop. You’ll come to me begging then.”
She cringed, wiping her mouth with her forearm. Emotion rushed up from her in waves of anger and fear and sadness. She’d never marry Inna. Ever. He’d never have control over her, no matter what her mother said, and she would kill him before he ever kissed her again.
“Go!” She clutched the railing to steady herself.
“He’ll die with you watching.” Inna stepped off the deck onto the walkway and headed down to the beach stairs.
“Mari?” Chase called from the upper deck.
She wiped her eyes and tried to control the violent sobs. “I’ll be right up.” If Chase saw Inna… She looked out toward the ocean, but Inna was over the dunes now and back on the beach, or maybe already in the water.
She had to collect herself.
Chase yelled. “It isn’t safe out here.”
“Be right there,” she yelled back, her voice hitching on a sob. No, it wasn’t safe. Maybe it never had been.
The bar door slammed.
Her heart hammered. The day had gone from bad to great to worst ever. 
One thing was for certain. Inna was not joking. He’d kill Chase if he got the chance. And she could never tell Chase she was a mermaid now. He’d blame her for Luke’s death.
Rightfully so.
She moved to look out over the railing and saw the lighted pier lanterns bobbing as the pier swayed and groaned under the weight of the swollen waves. Maybe Chase should move to Kansas where Inna couldn’t reach him.
Maybe she should let him go, for his own good.

Chapter Nine
“You’re soaked!” Chase set the plastic pitcher on the bar counter beside the dozen others already lined up along the top. Concern lit his voice. Mari looked like a drowned waif, soaking wet and scrawny and a little pitiful. Her T-shirt stuck to her like pink skin and her eyes were puffy and red. 
“I know. I wanted to check the shop door.” Her voice quivered. “Make sure the plywood was tight since that side will get the brunt of the wind.” She sniffled. “It looks okay, but I’m still worried. If I lose everything…” She rubbed her arms. “I don’t know what I’ll do.”
He wanted to take her into his arms, warm her up. No. Bad idea. 
“We secured it well, you know that.” He scooted the pitcher into line with the others, pausing to make sure the line was straight and intentionally avoiding looking at her. He couldn’t get involved, no matter how much the urge hit him to take care of her. She wasn’t his to take care of. “Why are you sniffling?” He peeked at her.
“I’m not.” She wiped her eyes and pulled her wet hair off her neck. “It’s chilly out there in the wind and rain. The storm’s starting to blow. So much wind.”
She looked tired, like every ounce of perkiness had been drained out of her, and again, the strong urge to wrap her in a towel and hug her tight hit him in the gut. No. No. No. “What’s wrong? We’re safe.” I hope. He pushed down the tendril of fear that slithered up his spine.
“Nothing.” She stood, unmoving, looking out across the bar. “I’m fine.”
“Well, something’s wrong. You were happy and carefree until you went outside, and now you look like you’re heading to a funeral.”
“It’s nothing.” She faced him. “Nothing more than worry about my shop. I have a lot of money tied up in inventory and this storm scares me. It could take away what I’ve worked hard to accomplish. It could all have been for nothing, because of a stupid hurricane.”
The storm. He closed his eyes. Water. Everywhere. Falling from the sky and rushing in from the ocean like a living creature. A monster. Reaching out to strangle him, pull him under, into the darkness. 
Her voice retreated into the background and his breathing quickened. He counted to slow it down. One, two, three…dark, deep, water… He refused to let the fear take over. Not now. Not when he needed to be okay for her. 
Protect her…
“I wanted to make sure the boards were secure,” she said. “Everything…” She paused. “Chase?”
He opened his eyes. The room spun and he steadied himself against the bar. Four, five, six deep and dark. He took a deep breath, focusing on the inhale, and then the exhale. Calm. Focus. Can’t let this fear take over. He could handle this. He wasn’t in the water. He was in his bar. Dry. I’m safe. His heart still banged, but the dizziness eased. Like a piece of cellophane being lifted away, things cleared and came into focus.
“You okay?”
“Let me get you a towel,” he said in his forced calm and hopefully nice voice. “You’re dripping all over my floor.”
She looked down at the little puddles she’d created, and he could tell her teeth were chattering. Her shirt clung to her in all the best ways, outlining her perky breasts and trim waist. Stop. He looked away. It couldn’t happen again. It never should’ve happened to begin with. He was leaving and would never see her again. It wasn’t fair to her to let her think otherwise.
“Thank you. I’m freezing.” She rubbed her arms.
They’d be lucky to have power by morning if the storm held true to predictions. The storm’s center was coming close, and the island had lost power in lesser winds. Anxiety quivered his insides, and nausea threatened to overtake him. Not good. Got to get a handle on it. Not like he was underwater fighting for his life. Not at all. Some wind and rain and high surf, and he was safe and dry.
And she needed him. If he could concentrate on keeping her safe and secure, he could avoid his fears. He could be in control like he was when he was diving and his men could count on him.
“Be right back,” he said, blowing out a long breath. Not waiting for a reply, he headed down the dark hallway to his bedroom, steadying himself against the wall as he walked. 
His small apartment suite, behind the bar, lay right next to his brother’s old room. He’d not cleaned Luke’s room out after his death, hadn’t gone in. He couldn’t. Instead, he’d left the clothes and shoes strewn about and his books and magazines piled around the room. Exactly like Luke left everything.
Like he was coming back.
He’d have to face cleaning and packing all of it up after the storm, and then he’d be able to leave the little seaside town forever. It couldn’t happen soon enough. It was time to move on and get away from the memories that anchored him here. He ducked into his room.
Stepping around a stack of boxes, he grabbed a blue towel from the unfolded laundry in the basket by his bed. His bed. He paused, stroking the towel, imagining her lying across the bed, the sheets in messy knots and swirls around her, her hair in loose waves around her face. Her eyes closed with sleep.
He shook his head. No way they were sleeping in his bed, much less together. Not getting involved with her. Besides, what would a woman like Mari want with a broken loser like him? He pulled the door shut behind him and headed back into the bar.
He tossed her the towel and she wrapped it around her shoulders, wiping her face with the corner. Her hair hung down in stringy lines, like rivulets of water. Beautiful. With little effort, he could pick her up and take her back to his bedroom.
What the hell is wrong with me? A fucking hurricane was outside his window and he was thinking about getting laid? He smiled at her, hoping the decoy move would hide his true feelings. As long as she didn’t look at his jeans. They would show her exactly what he was thinking. And how hard he was thinking it.
“Thanks,” she said, shaking out her hair and spattering him with water droplets. “I feel a lot better already.” She scrubbed at her hair with the towel.
He grabbed another empty pitcher from under the bar top. “Go change those wet clothes before you catch a cold.” Not getting involved. Not thinking about her changing clothes. Her wet, wet body and trim hips with exactly the right amount of curves in all the right places… He cleared his throat. “I’ve got a few more water pitchers to fill, and then I’ll dig us up some dinner. I’d better do it while we have electricity to cook. Who knows what our options will be tomorrow.” He turned away and began filling the pitcher with water.
“Okay. Sounds like a plan. I’ll be right back.” She grabbed her backpack off the couch. “Where should I change? Your room?”
His breath caught in his throat and he swallowed it down. “No,” he said, sighing out the tension. Knowing she was naked in his bedroom—that was a thought he couldn’t afford to entertain. He shrugged and turned off the tap. “Women’s bathroom.” He turned to her and set the pitcher on the bar in line with the others. That should be enough water. They wouldn’t stay long after the storm—as soon as ferry service resumed, he was out of there.
“Um, that’s kind of small.”
“How much space do you need to change clothes?”
“Well…” She hefted the pack onto her shoulders. “More than that tiny bar bathroom. Besides, I can’t set out my clothes there—there isn’t enough room. And it’s dirty.”
“It’s not dirty.”
She smirked.
“Fine. Use my bedroom. But don’t throw your wet clothes on my bed.”
“I’ll hang them in your bathroom. I’m sure it could use some pink.” She smiled, and though it wasn’t one of her full, all-out joyful smiles, a shiver of delight tickled him. He couldn’t help but smile back.
Too bad they couldn’t have spent more time together under different circumstances. She was exactly his type. Well, what his type used to be. Fun, adventurous, open to experiencing the world in her own way, no matter what other people thought. 
Now, he had no type. Unless alone was a type. 
A burst of wind hit the bar, echoing from outside and rattling the barware on the shelves. The lights flickered.
“Better hurry,” he said. “I’d hoped we’d have power at least until midnight, but it may not last that long.”
“I don’t like the dark.” Her eyes widened and he noticed how small she was. And how scared she was, despite her attitude. She needed his protection. He might not be able to be her lover, but he could try to be her protector.
“We’ve got candles and flashlights,” he said. “We’ll be fine. And we’re boarded up tight and up off the ground. We’ll make it through this storm.” His stomach knotted at the doubt that swirled around him. Did she believe him? He wasn’t sure he believed himself.
Nodding, she pulled the towel close around her and headed down the hallway. An eerie silence filled the bar in her wake, and everything seemed darker with her gone. Who was he kidding? He couldn’t protect anyone anymore. 
Once, he’d led a whole group of divers into all sorts of dangerous places. Then, he couldn’t protect one diver—his brother. What made him think he could protect Mari from the storm? He was a fraud. A fake. She probably saw right through him.
With all the windows in the bar shuttered, he couldn’t see how hard it was raining or if it was already completely dark outside. He moved to lock the heavy front door from the inside. He bolted the extra locks and leaned his head against the doorframe.
Still. Silent. Dark.
He was underwater—so quiet he felt thick pressure in his ears. Deep. Dark. Bubbles. No air. His hearing returned with the whooshing of the wind. The occasional clatter of shutters against the windows clawed at him like a thousand hands reaching to pull him outside, sending his pulse skyrocketing.
No, get control.
Music. He needed music. He fisted his hands and made his way to the bar, moving around to the back of it. Music would help, it always did. He turned on the stereo system and soft beach music floated over the bar. Music set to sunny skies and puffy white clouds and frozen drinks with little paper umbrellas.
Much better.
He’d gathered four flashlights from the kitchen, one from behind the bar, and a few pillar candles and matches, when the phone rang. He set everything down in a pile, caught the rolling flashlight, and then grabbed the handset. He clicked it on.
“Hello?” He grabbed for another flashlight that had started rolling.
“Chase?” An older woman’s voice came on the line.
“Mom.” Crap. Here we go. The lecture. He set the flashlights upright so they couldn’t roll. “What’s up?”
“You okay? I thought you were going to call me when you got off the island and safely inland. And you’re still at the bar.”
“Sorry, been prepping for the storm.” He put the flashlights in a straight line from shortest to tallest. “It’s a lot of work.”
“You didn’t answer your cell. You had to know I was worried.”
He patted his pocket. Damn it. Where was his phone? “Sorry. I was busy boarding up the windows and closing the storm shutters. Outside. I didn’t hear the cell phone.” Got to find the phone and get it charging; it might be the only method of communication tomorrow. He scanned the counter behind the bar, then the floor. No phone. 
“But you’re still there. You’re not leaving the island? I hear the storm is bad. Real bad. You could have at least called me to let me know what your plan was.”
“I’m sorry I didn’t call. I was busy.” He sighed. “And yes, I’m staying at the bar.” Not like he wanted to stay, but no point in upsetting her with all the details of being stranded. “Mom, I need to go. I have a lot left to do to prepare.”
His mom had always been warm and cold with her oversight of him and his brother. One moment, he and Luke were under house arrest for the least little thing, and the next, running all over the island getting into mischief with no supervision.
“What? Why?” Her voice went up an octave. “Are you sure that’s the best decision? It’s a bad storm and you’re right on the beach.”
“I’ll be okay. And besides, I can’t leave. I missed the ferry.” He drummed his fingers on the bar and tried to focus on the music. Sunshine and blue skies.
“How could you miss the ferry? You’ve taken that thing a million times.”
“They changed the schedule. I was boarding up the bar and didn’t hear about it until too late. I’m stuck here.” He hadn’t wanted to get into the details with his mom. She would go on and on about it, and that wasn’t good for either of their anxieties.
“I can’t believe it. Missed the ferry. You should have been paying attention to the news.”
He knew she was running through permutations in her mind, ten at a time, and he waited to let her run her course.
“I can’t believe you didn’t hear the announcement,” she continued. “And you’re stuck in that rickety bar right on the beach.”
“Yes, Mom. But the bar is secure, and the dunes were fortified last summer. We’ll hold. You don’t need to worry about me.”
“Can’t you go to a motel or something?” Her voice, previously annoyed, rose with panic and choked with emotion as she likely realized that she wasn’t going to change the outcome. “The island is…narrow…”
A lump formed in his throat and he tried to swallow it down. Despite everything that had happened, he loved his mother. And she was right; the island was thin in places and had been washed completely over by storm surge more than once. “The hotels are all closed, Mom.” He sighed. “The bar is up high, and I have good storm shutters.” He could faintly hear Mari whistling from his bedroom. He had to get off the phone before she came back. If his mother heard her, there’d be no end to the questioning.
“But…”
His stomach flipped. “I have to go now.”
“I can’t lose you too, Chase. Not after…”
She was much more overprotective since his brother’s death. Overbearing, sometimes.
He realigned the flashlights. “You aren’t going to lose me. I’ll call you. I promise.”
“Like you did today?”
He winced. “I’ve got to finish gathering supplies,” he said. “I’ll call you tomorrow if I have phone service. If I don’t call, it doesn’t mean anything other than cell and phone service is out. I’ll call as soon as I can. But now, I have to go.”
“Okay, but you’ll call as soon as you can?”
“I will.”
He heard her sigh and could picture her shoulders drooping in defeat. “Be careful. I love you.”
“I love you too.”
Chase set the phone down as Mari walked back into the bar. She’d changed into—surprise—another pink T-shirt and a pair of jeans. Tight jeans that showed her slight curves. Her eyes were wide and her mouth in a tight line. She looked shell-shocked. He knew the look well. It stared back at him in the mirror most mornings.


Chapter Ten
Mari pushed her plate away and set her napkin down on the bar, her appetite gone. Chase was a pretty good cook, but he’d made entirely too much food. Besides, her stomach ached with anxiety since she’d learned of Inna’s involvement in Luke’s death. She needed an antacid more than dinner. Or a whole bottle of antacids.
He was finishing the last fries on his plate and still eating like he had no plans of stopping. The hard day’s work had taken its toll on him. 
She rubbed her stomach, trying to calm it. It would be a long night and she’d have plenty of time to think about what Inna said. What he did.
“Thanks for dinner. It was delicious.” She stared at the dark oil painting on the bar wall. 
The privateer stared back without a blink. Maybe he was descended from pirates. Stranger things had happened. She certainly would never have believed that Inna was on a revenge mission with Chase his target. Or that he’d had Luke killed. She shook her head and held back the tears that threatened. 
How could her mother ever expect her to marry someone like Inna? Did she know what he’d done? Did she condone it?
Chase mumbled what sounded like a “you’re welcome” and wiped his mouth with his napkin. “You didn’t eat much. Aren’t you hungry? Might be the last hot meal you get for a while.”
“Not too hungry. But the shrimp were delicious. They must be fresh.”
“Yep. That’s one thing I’ll miss when I move—fresh seafood.”
“Yeah.” She leaned on her elbow. “But you’ll be up to your ears in fresh corn. Or hay or something. You can eat like a horse.”
“Hardee har. Very funny.” A tiny bit of a smile crept onto his face.
“It’s true. And you’ll be able to make the freshest bread ever.”
The shutters clattered and he scowled, his shoulders bunching around his neck. “Wind’s getting rough. Storm will be full force before long.”
“Yeah.”
“I’ll be glad when it’s over.” He stared at the window for another moment.
Would she be able to get through to him? He was distracted and anxious about the storm. The same beach music CD had played over and over all evening and she was ready to strangle the ukulele player. The day had been a cacophony of noises from wind to Inna to rain to cheesy music. 
“Mind if I turn off this music and put on the TV to check the weather while we still have electricity?”
“Go ahead. I’ll take the dishes to the kitchen. Be right back.” He hopped off the barstool and grabbed all the dishes with the finesse of a longtime waiter, stacking everything on his forearm and parading to the kitchen door.
She watched him leave, or more specifically, watched his butt leave. Man, it was perfect. What she wouldn’t give to swim with him out in the ocean, his strong legs wrapping around her as they dove and played. She’d smack him with her tail and then dive and come up behind him, shifting back to legs and wrapping herself around his back. She could almost feel the rush of water around her and the sun warming her muscles as they…
“Mari?” He snapped his fingers in front of her face. When had he come back? Crap. “You awake? Daydreaming again?”
“Hmm?” She turned to him, shook off her fantasy, and smiled. Nice to have an interlude of not thinking about Inna. Especially nice to be fantasizing about Chase. “I’m fine. A bit worried about the storm, yeah.”
“Thought you were going to check the weather.” He turned off the stereo and grabbed the remote. “By the way, I found my cell phone on the counter in the kitchen. Must have set it down in there earlier.”
“Oh, good.” Gods, he must think she was such a ditz—always off in la-la land. If he knew her fantasies. Heat pooled in her cheeks. Pirate Chase, swimming with her in the blue, blue water. He grasped her hips with warm fingers as he thrust into her from behind.
“Need to charge it,” he continued. “It may be our only means of communicating after the storm.” He plugged in his cell, then clicked on the TV. A radar image filled the screen with a large, rotating mass of red and yellow swirls covering where the island should be. The storm was huge—its tendrils stretching almost across the whole weather screen. “Damn. It’s grown.”
“No wonder they canceled the ferry.”
“The hurricane remains a strong Category Two storm though we’ve had some major gusts,” the weatherman said. He wasn’t as cheerful as the weather girl who’d been on earlier. Instead, he looked like he’d been through a lot of storms and knew what could happen when a hellish storm struck the fragile barrier islands. 
“It may break to a Category Three by the time it hits land. According to the latest Hurricane Hunters report, the pressure is dropping a little, so this storm may turn into a monster.” The station was inland some ways, but the whole coastline was being pummeled by the tentacles of the massive storm. “Storm surge is expected to be ten to twelve feet and will come in right after high tide. That is not good for low-lying coastal areas.”
“Big surge.” Chase tapped his fingers on the bar. “Great. All we need is flooding on top of wind damage.”
“Are we high enough here behind the dunes to be safe from that much water?” If the bar collapsed under a storm surge, she could swim away if the debris didn’t trap her, but he’d never make it out. Especially as much as he hated the water. And Inna would be waiting for him. The first true wave of fear she’d felt about the storm washed over her. Not anxiety over losing her shop, but bone-deep fear of something worse.
This storm wouldn’t take Chase away from her. Inna wouldn’t either. Only Kansas might.
“Yeah, we should be,” he said. He turned back to the TV. “As long as the surge doesn’t get too much bigger than they predict, we’ll be okay. The dunes will protect us from a strong water wall, and the stilts are taller than the expected surge.”
“Are you sure?” At least Inna wouldn’t be around for the next twelve hours unless he was lurking offshore and waiting. He wouldn’t be on the beach in the bad weather. Gave her time to figure out what to do.
“Yeah, we’re safe. It’s the wind that could cause the most problems, but if the storm stays a Cat Two, everything should be fine. The bar has withstood a couple of those already.”
“The eye should make landfall approximately midnight or a little after, depending on whether the storm slows a lot as it moves inland. And remember, winds on the west side of the eye wall aren’t as strong or destructive as what we’ll feel as the eastern eye wall passes. The eye of Giselle is small. Plan on about thirty minutes of calm, maximum, then we’ll be back in the thick of it. For those not familiar with these massive storms—when the eye is over you, the worst is yet to come. Do not, I repeat, do not think that the calm we get is the end. It truly is the calm before the storm.” The weatherman’s stern face was a clear warning.
Hurricane Giselle was nothing to fool around with.
He clicked the TV off and set the remote down. His hands shook. “I don’t like this at all,” he said. He took a deep breath and let it out slowly. “I wish we could’ve evacuated.”
“We didn’t have much of a choice.” She could see he was putting up a brave facade—trying to hide his fear so as not to increase hers. He was a natural protector. “We’re riding it out, like it or not. We’ll be okay.” 
Until Inna comes back.
* * * * 
Mari leaned back on the soft leather couch. Giselle was making her presence known—the wind howled outside the bar, and occasionally something would thump up against the wall. Maybe an errant limb or other storm debris. 
Her mother would worry about her, she was sure of it. Storms were safer when you were under the water. No mermaid in her right mind would be on land during a storm this strong, and her mother had less faith than most that Mari would be able to handle things on land, though she gave Mari more freedom than most others got. 
She peeked at Chase, sitting on the couch across from her, staring at the ceiling, his arms crossed over his chest. He tensed.
“What’re you thinking about?” She stretched her arms above her head and yawned. What a day. It would be a miracle if she were able to sleep at all.
“Nothing.” He didn’t move, his gaze fixed on the bar ceiling.
She studied the way his neck curved into the top of his T-shirt, with his Adam’s apple moving every time he swallowed. She filed away the image to her fantasy vault. She licked her lips. “Everyone thinks about something, all the time.”
His physique wasn’t hidden one bit by the snug T-shirt. He had bumps and ridges everywhere he should. His navy diver training had shaped his body into a sleek and muscular swimming machine. And she’d felt how powerful his legs were when he was pushing into her earlier. She squeezed her legs together at the memory.
He leaned forward and buried his face in his hands. His biceps quaked and the tattoo jerked as he rubbed his eyes.
“Chase?”
“Give me a minute,” he mumbled, and small sobs wracked his body, sending visible tremors through his shoulders. His knee bounced as he tapped his foot.
Why was he crying? She moved to sit beside him, lowering herself onto the couch gently. Remembering how he jumped when she touched him before, she gently placed one hand on his shoulder, waited for a reaction, and when she got none, she squeezed. She had no idea how to comfort him. “Are you okay?”
He sat back and rubbed his palms on his thighs. His breath came in pants and a sheen of sweat broke out across his brow as he struggled to regain control. He brushed her hand away. “I’m fine.”
He didn’t look fine. “You’re shaking.” Was it a panic attack? He’d said he was anxious about the storm but hadn’t acted that nervous.
He took a deep breath and blew it out in a puff. He searched her face. “Thinking about my brother. I miss him. The storm, the bar, the ocean—everything reminds me of what I’ve lost.”
She rubbed his forearm, having no idea how to respond. His muscles twitched as she touched him, and he let out a small gasp. It was her people’s fault that his brother was dead. His grief was her fault too. If she’d only known about the revenge plot, she might have been able to save Luke. And Inna planned to murder Chase too—as soon as he could. She shook her head.
Dammit. Could things get any more complicated?
The bar rumbled under a blast of wind and the shutters rattled. Ironically, they’d be safe from Inna during the storm.
She squeezed Chase’s arm. “I can’t imagine what you’re going through.”
He pulled away and leaned back, staring at the ceiling again, his hands behind his head. “Not your fault. Something I have to deal with. The storm isn’t helping, that’s for sure.”
Not exactly not her fault. “Mmmm.”
She pulled her legs up under her. She didn’t know what to say. Luke was gone. Nothing would change that.
“It’s not fair.” He shrugged. “Why did it have to be Luke? Why not me?”
She scooted closer on the couch until her thigh pressed against his trembling leg. He didn’t move away, and she leaned in close. “I don’t know, Chase. Life isn’t always fair.” Suddenly, her troubles with Inna paled in comparison to his pain. If her sister died…how would she handle it? Especially if she blamed herself?
He smacked the couch armrest. “I can’t take it anymore. The guilt. Living every day knowing that I couldn’t save him. I should’ve died alongside him.”
She stilled. “Is that the real reason why you want to leave? Move off the island? Because you feel guilty about Luke’s death?”
“Is it that obvious? I can’t stand being near the ocean. It’s a constant reminder of what happened. How I couldn’t save him. Here, where we vacationed as we grew up, and everywhere I look, I see him. And I’m sitting here in the bar that was supposed to be both our legacies.”
“You were both in trouble in the water. No one could save him.”
“It’s my fault.” He frowned. “If I hadn’t passed out…”
“If you hadn’t passed out, then what?” She leaned closer. “What could you have done?”
“Something.” He clenched his fists. “I would’ve done something. I don’t know.” Another burst of wind shook the bar and he winced. “But I do know this. It’s my fault he’s dead.”
“No,” Mari whispered. “No, it isn’t.”
“Who the fuck’s fault is it, then?”


Chapter Eleven
Mari opened her mouth but said nothing.
Fuck. He’d frightened her again. He couldn’t be trusted to talk to anyone, much less forge relationships with people. Not that he was trying to start something with her.
“I’m sorry,” he said. Would he ever get control of the rage inside him? Stop lashing out? “I’m upset and…well…” 
He put his hand on her knee and felt her muscles tense in his grip. As sure as he was that he couldn’t get close to anyone, he longed to feel her touch. Fall into her arms again. Hold each other through the damned storm. 
Wasn’t that what people did in times of stress? Cling to someone who understood? Someone who cared?
But he was broken.
“I’m the only one around. It’s normal to vent. It’s okay.”
He stared into her almond-shaped eyes, then moved his hand and turned away. “I don’t mean to get angry. Sometimes, it comes out. I didn’t mean to yell.”
“You lost someone you love, and you feel guilty.” Her voice trembled. “I don’t know how you get through something like that. I can’t begin to imagine. But I do know that Luke’s death wasn’t your fault.”
He sighed. He’d not opened up to anyone like he was beginning to with Mari, not even his therapist. It was a risk, but his soul ached to express his pain, have someone understand. 
He took her hands in his. “Do you think it will ever go away? The anger… Doc says it’s normal with PTSD, but I don’t feel normal. I feel damaged.”
“Give it some time.” She rubbed his hand with her thumb. “It’s not something that’s going to be fixed easily.”
“Or ever.”
She looked into his eyes, and for a moment, he lost himself there. “You’ll get better. You’re strong.”
He pulled his hands away. Too close. “I don’t know.”
“You’ll never forget—”
“Want a blanket?” he asked. Way to divert the conversation. God, she must think he was an idiot. A blanket, really?
“Umm. No, thanks.” She rubbed her arms and looked toward the door, her eyes widening. “The bar’s shaking with the wind. It’s kind of scary.”
“It’ll hold. We’re safe.”
“I hope so.”
What now? Small talk for the rest of the night? He doubted he’d get any sleep at all. Maybe having her stay hadn’t been such a good idea, but she not only brought out his anger, in some odd way, she soothed him. 
Made him feel needed. Made him feel understood, and that’s something he hadn’t felt since before Luke died.
“I wish you would stay on the island,” she said. “Not sell the bar until you are sure you don’t want to be here. I feel like you are running away from your past, not making decisions based on what’s best for you.”
He stood and paced, trying not to bark at her. After he’d made the trek to the door and back, he stopped in front of her. “I don’t want to talk about my moving away anymore tonight. There’s enough stress with the hurricane outside. Okay?” He gritted his teeth and clenched his hands into fists.
He had to get control.
“Okay. No more Kansas talk. At least, I’ll try not to bring it up.” She patted the couch. “Sit down. Tell me about Luke. I want to know everything, and we have all night, since I doubt either of us is going to sleep.”
He bristled and his heart leaped to his throat. He couldn’t do this. Not now. Maybe not ever.
“Not adult Luke,” she continued. “Little brother Luke. What was he like? Was he a pest? A good friend? Did he steal your toys?”
“I don’t…” Was she intent on torturing him? He’d stowed the memories away in a locker inside his head. He’d never planned to revisit those childhood days. They were too painful—too much a memorial to what he’d lost. 
Like trying to catch a shadow—you know it’s there, you can see it, but every time you move it slips out of reach. “I…”
“Oh, come on.” She smiled. “Tell me about him. Surely you remember stories of you two as kids. Tell me! It will take my mind off the storm and pass the time.”
He remembered every detail of Luke’s short life, but he hadn’t allowed himself to think about those memories in a long time. He sat on the couch beside her. 
“He was the runt,” he began. “Not only younger by two years but smaller than kids his age and thin as a stick. I always had to watch over him. Make sure he was safe. Especially when we came to the beach. We always vacationed on this island—up the road near the north shore where all the tiny concrete beach bungalows are. We stayed the whole summer, usually, and sometimes came when we were on Christmas break from school. Dad was a fisherman, and Mom liked to be near the water. We all did. I’m not sure why we didn’t live here year-round.”
“I know the area you are talking about. Is that why you chose this island to build the bar? Because it has so many memories?” She smiled.
He nodded. His hands trembled and he clenched them into fists, willing down the thread of fear snaking through him. “This island—the wide, sandy beaches with every shell a boy could want, shark’s teeth sprinkled along the waterline like rare gems, and a deep, blue-green ocean waiting to be explored—the perfect nirvana.” 
He stared into nothingness, savoring the memory of a cool ocean breeze, and the warm peace of the lulling water washed over his mind, stilling it. 
As a boy, he’d relished that meditative quality that grew where the water met the land and the sun blanketed everything in a golden warmth that lingered in the soul forever.
The wind whistled through the shutters in an eerie peal and he cringed, drawing inward. Not now. Keep calm.
“Just the wind,” Mari whispered. “It’s okay.” She took his hand into hers, and he closed his eyes and savored the peace that came from her touch. “Tell me about you and Luke at the beach. What did you like to do?”
He breathed slowly and evenly, keeping his eyes closed and counting silently. He wanted to tell her. Wanted to share Luke. He slipped back to that place. 
The sun warmed the top of his head and his shoulders, and the heated sand toasted his bare feet. He tasted the zinc that his mother had insisted he put on his nose and that always melted and dribbled down into his mouth. Waves beckoned him and he moved toward the water, the blue sky doming over him and not a cloud in sight. He could almost taste the salty air too, thick with heat and humidity. “Chase. Come on. Look what I found.” Luke was there. Calling him. 
“I’m coming, Luke,” he whispered. Out of reach, like a faint echo of a dream, Luke stood at the edge of the water, poking a dead jellyfish with a piece of driftwood. Chase smiled and almost laughed—he knew what was about to happen.
“We found a jellyfish one day,” he said. “Well, Luke did.”
“Oh yeah? While you were swimming?”
“In the edge of the water where the waves barely touched it. It was dead.” Luke giggled as he poked it, then marched around it, drawing a line with the driftwood as he walked. “Luke was about seven, I think. And he thought he’d found the king jellyfish because it looked like it had a white crown. He poked at it with a piece of driftwood, trying to see if it had tentacles, but all that was left were stubs—most had been sheared off as the tide brought the jellyfish to shore.” “Look at it, Chase, it’s huge. Must be the king of all jellyfish.”
The storm shutters rattled, and the wind howled. Somehow, the noise didn’t scare him but faded into the background. He was on a sunny beach, and the wind was light, hugging. He sighed and continued, eyes still closed.
“It was a moon jelly—translucent and white and almost glowing in the sunlight, even though it was dead.” “It’s huge. We should bury it. A royal funeral—we can line the tomb with shells.” Mari squeezed his hand, her grip firm. “Before we could decide exactly what we were going to do, a large wave washed over the jelly.” “It’s moving! Chase!” “The waves washed the jelly over Luke’s foot, and he shrieked and turned to run, tripped, and fell face-first into the water.” He laughed and opened his eyes.
“Was he okay?” Mari beamed.
“Oh, yeah. It scared him. When he fell, he poked himself in the forehead with the piece of driftwood he was holding. Bled everywhere. Mom was upset.”
“Did he have to get stitched up?”
“No, Mom treated him at home—though he probably did need a stitch or two. He had that little silver scar above his eyebrow the rest of his life. Shaped like a crescent moon.” He leaned back on the couch. “I told him he was now the king of the moon jellyfish—he’d been moon-branded. He believed me for years.” Talking about Luke made him warm inside. 
Strange, since all he’d felt since the funeral was icy coldness and pain.
She laid her head on his shoulder. “What about the jellyfish?”
He warmed. Of course she wanted to know how the jelly was. “It was dead. It only moved because the water moved it. We left it in the tide when we ran home to get Luke doctored up.”
“Oh,” she said. “That’s too bad.”
“Yeah.” Simple to reach over and pull her to him, run his fingers through her hair. He hadn’t felt this good in…a long time. Close to someone. He closed his eyes.
“Tell me more about Luke.” She nuzzled her head on his shoulder. “I wish I’d had a little brother.”
He smiled. The warmth spread over him like a summer tide and memories engulfed him, good memories of happy times. Water and sunshine and laughter and Luke. “Well, one day we decided to skip school and go fishing…”
“How very Huckleberry Finn.”


Chapter Twelve
“Sounds like it’s settling down out there.” Mari extended her legs across the couch and relaxed. “I don’t hear the wind howling as much.” 
The last few hours of listening to Chase talk had been a delicious distraction from both the storm and Inna’s revelation. When the wind shook the bar for minutes at a time, she’d felt pretty safe in her cocoon of warmth and conversation. Almost like she was wrapped in Chase’s arms.
“Hope so.” 
He’d done most of the talking, but she didn’t mind. His attention had been on her and no one else. She was finally getting him to open up a little, and it was wonderful. 
“Think it’s the eye wall coming onshore, finally?”
“Maybe.” He set his glass of water on the coffee table between them. “I’m ready for this storm to blow on by and leave us alone.” He stood and stretched.
She watched with hooded eyes, peering at the lean curve of his body as he twisted and moved, and the generous bulge in his pants. She’d gotten closer to him in the last day than she had in months, and every bit of her being craved more. Somehow, knowing more about him made him physically more attractive and appealing. And she wanted all of him.
“It’s a small eye if it’s passing in less than thirty minutes.” 
A small, tight eye meant a strong, well-organized storm. Stronger winds lay on the back side of the eye wall.
“Yeah, and we still have the worst to go through.” He spoke her thoughts aloud. His eyes crinkled as a moment of tension crossed his features. “I hope it isn’t too bad. So far, so good, though. I think the bar’s going to be okay.”
“At least we still have electricity.” She sat up and rubbed her eyes. “I’m surprised about that. But thankful. Lights make the storm much less scary.” She stretched. “Before I try to get some sleep, I’m going to go look outside. See if there’s much damage.”
“For now. I doubt it will last.” He scowled. So much for his good mood. “It’s not safe. We should wait till morning to go outside.”
“I’d like to check on my shop.” A brief gust of wind rattled the door, then quieted again.
“I don’t think that’s a good idea.” He ran his hands through his cropped hair. “There’s still a little wind.”
“Oh, it’s fine.” She sat up. “As long as I go on out now, there shouldn’t be any issues while the eye is over us. I’m going downstairs and I’ll come right back. If I don’t see my shop in good shape, I’ll never be able to sleep. Wanna come?”
“No. I wish you’d stay inside.”
“But the eye of a hurricane is beautiful.” She sighed. “I love it. Surreal.”
“And how many hurricanes have you been through?” He put his hand on hips. “I didn’t know you made a habit of riding out storms.”
“Several.” She slipped on her flip-flops. “And besides, I need some fresh air. I’ll be back in a few minutes. Unless you want to join me?”
He winced. “Can’t you check on your place in the morning?”
They’d talked for hours and she’d watched Chase relax as he told stories about his childhood with Luke, his navy diver days, and his and Luke’s grand plan to have a bar and eventually a diving school here on the island. The more he told her, the more freely his words had come, to the point in time right before Luke’s death. Now that the storm brought them back to reality, she could sense him tightening again with worry.
“Come outside with me. I promise it’s safe. And simply magical.”
“I’m not going out there. I’ll wait until morning to take a look. Any damage that’s there now will be there tomorrow.”
She stood and held out her hand to him and he drew back. “Come on, Chase, it’ll be a nice break from being cooped up in here.” Cooped up with fantasies of Treasure Island. And Pirate Chase. And the possibility of sex on the couch again.
“No.”
“Fine.” Before he could protest, she headed for the door and unlocked it. 
When she pulled the knob, the door didn’t budge. She gave it a sharp tug, and it opened with a wet, cracking sound. Humid, warm air rushed in and filled her lungs, and salty dampness coated her face. It felt like the sea and land were one, and she savored the familiar feeling. She drew in another deep breath.
Ahhh…
Leaving the door open, she walked out onto the deck to the railing. Mist hung in the air. The sea, still choppy with hurricane waves, glistened in the bright moonlight. Over the island and ocean, the sky was filled with stars and an almost full moon. A few wispy clouds trailed over the dark dome of the heavens. A wall of clouds surrounded the area in a tight circle, and it seemed the bar was the oasis in the middle, the only thing that existed.
The door closed behind her and footsteps creaked across the deck. She smiled. He was always the protector and she knew he wouldn’t let her venture out on her own. He’d protect her from anything he perceived as a threat.
Even if he were scared himself.
“I’d forgotten how clear the sky is inside the eye. It’s amazing.” He panned the sky. “Must be pretty low barometric pressure for it to be so clear. What a phenomenon.”
She nodded, smile still on her face. The warm air, its pressure pushing on her, charged her with excitement and promise. “I thought you weren’t coming outside.”
“Have to watch out for you, don’t I?”
“If you say so.” She stared at the sky. The crisp moon would soon be covered by heavy clouds again. The rain and wind would start up and scour away any pristine moment created in the eye of the storm. The moment was as fragile and nebulous as tiny coral.
If only Chase knew who watched out for whom. As they’d talked, over the course of the evening, she’d deftly diverted his questions about her past and her childhood, giving him generic descriptions of a normal family without details about her life in the sea. 
When he’d asked about her father, she’d told him that he was dead. She’d gotten a little sad, mostly because she’d never known her dad. Not a tangible sense of loss, but an echo of what might have been. Aside from that, Chase hadn’t gotten a good glimpse into her past. And he certainly didn’t know about her being a mermaid or rescuing him.
“I don’t see much damage yet,” he said, scanning the bar roof. “Maybe a few shingles—hard to tell.”
“Yeah. Looks like the tide is still coming in though—and it’ll get higher.” She leaned over the railing, staring out over the sea. The night was achingly quiet—especially compared to the torrent an hour ago. Waves lapped ashore in muted splashes that echoed off the dunes in subdued tones. “I hope we’re as lucky with the rest of the storm.”
“Me too.”
Though he stood behind her, she felt his presence like a warm hug. She wanted to raise her arms and fall backward into him, knowing he’d catch her. 
Clutching the railing, she tilted her head back until her vision was filled only with stars and moon and darkness and her hair tickled the backs of her legs. The air, scrubbed clean, sent electric jolts of joy up her arms and she breathed in deeply. The night throbbed with life and energy.
Had she ever been more alive? Certainly not in all the years living with her family under the ocean. Tonight, she felt independent, and yet connected to a greater whole. A universe full of stars and moons and seas. “Can you believe how gorgeous the sky is tonight? I can see a zillion stars.”
“Breathtaking.” He stepped up to the railing beside her and looked out over the sea. “But look out at the horizon. Those are some big clouds heading our way.”
“Umm hmm.” She straightened. Blood rushed to her head, and she closed her eyes to the dizziness and gripped the wet rail.
“You okay?”
“Headrush.” She opened her eyes.
He chuckled and the railing creaked as he shifted. “Yeah, the other side of the storm is going to be rough.”
She traced the far edge of the eye wall with her vision. Towering clouds formed a barricade of weather that was bound to bring a lot of wind and rain to the little island. “Storm’s not going to take too long to come back over us either. Those clouds are moving quickly.”
“We should go back inside.”
“No, not yet. I think we should enjoy the stars while we can. A few more minutes.”
He stuffed his hands into his pockets. “I don’t want to be out here when it hits.”
“Chase, you can’t keep looking for trouble down the road.” She pointed straight up to the clear sky. “This is the here and now. It’s a perfect starry night filled with life and energy and magic. Can’t you feel it?” 
Her legs ached to swim, to surge, to change. Her tail thrashed wildly inside, and she closed her eyes to force it to calm.
He leaned on the rail. The humid mist had painted him in a sheen of moisture and his hair glistened. “The storm—”
“—isn’t here yet. We’ve got to enjoy what we have in the here and now. Seize this moment and hold it tight because we never know what the next moment’s going to bring.” 
She placed her hand over his larger one on the railing. He flinched but didn’t pull away. They stood, unmoving and silent for a few moments, only her heartbeat and the muffled waves cascading on the sand filling the silence in her ears. She’d never forget the perfection of the moment.
She savored the vivid snapshot of time that would become one of her favorite memories. Her heart soared. If he did move to Kansas, or if the shop was destroyed, she’d have this moment to relive, forever. No one could ever take it away. She’d hold it deep and protect it till the end of her days.
“You amaze me, Mari,” he whispered, turning to her. Their gazes met and she ducked her head, her heart hammering.
A puff of fresh air breezed over her, dotting her wet skin in goose bumps—every nerve ending standing at alert. He was so close she could almost feel him against her.
“You know how to enjoy life, one moment at a time,” he continued. “I wish I could do that, but I don’t know how.”
“It’s easy.” She peeked up at him. “You have to savor every feeling, every second. Appreciate it. Practice it. Grab hold of it and feel it in your soul. After you’ve been doing it a while, it becomes second nature. There’s so much life to enjoy, and most people don’t take advantage of everything that’s right in front of them. Then one day, it’s too late.”
He didn’t speak, but his forehead tensed. Understanding flickered across his face in a ripple of muscles.
“Practice like this?” He tipped her head up and looked into her eyes and she nearly fainted from the rush of pure joy that flashed through her.
“Yes.” She closed her eyes as he kissed her, and they shared the damp saltiness of the storm-fresh air.


Chapter Thirteen
She was soft. God, he could hold on to her forever, lost in her gentleness and the scent of fresh oranges that released from her hair as his fingers tangled in it. He leaned in to the kiss and savored her lips as he squeezed the back of her neck, pulling her closer. 
When she parted her lips and slipped her tongue into his mouth, he groaned and pressed her against the railing. She relaxed into him, bending backward, and her hands sat lightly on his shoulders. Small. Sweet. He pushed deeper, lost. Searching her soul with his tongue and relishing her strong response. Heat filled his chest, spreading low across his back and into his groin.
A gust of wind tossed her hair around them, tickling his arms and sending shivers up his back. He deepened the kiss. Now that he’d given in again, he didn’t ever want to stop—he belonged here in this moment with her where everything was right and good. In the peace and calm of the eye of life’s ever-growing hurricane, they’d found a moment.
Like she said.
A flash of a distant transformer going, and then memories burned in his stomach like a whirlpool. Growing stronger. 
Luke. The water. 
His pulse quickened and he pulled away, coldness settling in where she had been tight against him. She didn’t say anything but looked up at him with wild, wide eyes and kiss-swollen lips. It would be easy to lay her down and take her again. Easy to make her his. His heart thudded and his groin responded with an echoing throb. He shook his head. He had to get out of there. Away from the wind and rain and sea.
He was being ripped apart and memory and real life battled for control, and memory was winning.
“Why are you stopping?” The glow of moonlight spread across her face like sparkling fairy dust over a summer meadow. She was beautiful. Innocent and pure. Out of his league. He couldn’t be with her—couldn’t give her what she deserved. He was unable to make someone happy and it wasn’t fair to keep leading her on. He couldn’t be what she needed.
Damaged.
“I can’t,” was all he could muster, and even that sounded like the most pathetic excuse. I won’t. He squeezed her arm then stared out over the dark sea. “Storm’s close. We need to go inside.”
He backed away, leaving her standing against the railing, and then headed to the safety and darkness of the bar. His body cursed his choice, but his mind knew it was what he had to do.
For her sake.
* * * *
Mari hadn’t spoken to him since the kiss on the deck. Instead, she curled up on one of the bar couches with a blanket pulled to her chin. She’d checked on her shop and come in after him and hadn’t said a word. She hadn’t been whistling.
He didn’t know what to say, so he said nothing. He rearranged the water pitchers on the bar for the fourth time, wiping the condensation off them and covering them with plastic wrap. Now he’d done what he feared. He’d upset her.
He couldn’t take the kiss back, and truthfully, he didn’t want to. He wanted more.
He poured another glass of Scotch and drank it in one swallow, savoring the heat as it streaked from his mouth to his stomach. The Scotch didn’t take away the burn of her soft lips on his or the taste of the salt and sweetness of her. He banged his glass on the bar and she turned to look at him, the blanket draped over her head like armor.
“You all right?” He pushed the glass away.
“I’m okay.”
“Sounds like the storm is picking back up.” Dammit. He’d ruined everything. The rest of the night was going to be painful. He’d enjoyed talking to her earlier and telling her about Luke. He’d not shared those memories with anyone. Talking to her, he’d almost been able to grasp the fleeting moments of past joys. Almost. And he’d mostly escaped his anxiety about the hurricane while they talked.
“Supposed to do that.” She sank into the couch, pulling the blanket tight. “Remember? We were in the eye. Now, more storm.”
“You look like a caterpillar,” he said. “In a cocoon.”
The wind gusted against the shutters, clanking them hard on the windows. She stared at the windows for a moment, then turned to look at him. “Maybe I’ll turn into a butterfly and fly away.”
You already are a butterfly—wild and free, beautiful and dangerous. Fragile, easy to crush. “Maybe,” he said. “And maybe you are a moth.”
She smirked and pulled the blanket down over her eyes. “That isn’t nice. I’m not a moth. Would you kiss a moth?”
“Possibly,” he said. “But of course you’d be a butterfly.” He poured another half glass of Scotch. He’d better switch to the cheaper stuff soon, or he’d regret drinking up his reserve stash. “Want some Scotch?”
“That stuff’s nasty.”
“Suit yourself.” He tipped the glass and drank.
“I’m tired. I’m going to try to get some sleep.”
“Okay. I’m gonna check the weather again, then I’ll join you. Umm…I mean…”
“I clearly know what you mean,” she said, her voice muffled between a yawn and the blanket. “Night.”
“Night.” Dammit. He couldn’t have screwed up the evening any better if he’d written a script. He picked up the remote, and as he was about to click the TV on, a loud bang, like a gunshot, echoed through the bar and the lights blinked off. His heart leaped into his throat.
Dark. Really dark.
He fumbled for the flashlights, knocking one over as he groped. It rolled off the bar and crashed onto the floor.
“Chase?” Her voice was strained and plaintive. “Where are you?” The wind rubbed against the outside of the bar incessantly and a low whine sounded through the cracks around the door and windows.
He probed for the cold metal of one of the flashlights. He grabbed the light and switched it on and a long, cold beam cut across the bar. The door rattled and shook, and he swung the light to look. Nothing. Just the storm.
“I need light.” Her voice shook. “Bring something.”
He shined the flashlight in her direction, catching her in the eyes. “Hey.” She struggled to free her hands from the blanket. “That’s bright.” She waved the light away.
“Sorry.” He moved the beam. “Hold on a sec. Let me get the candles.”
The bar shook under nature’s assault. He shuddered and his heart double-timed. 
He struggled to light the pillar candles with one hand, finally balancing the flashlight between his cheek and his shoulder so he could see what he was doing and use his hands at the same time. His fingers trembled so much, it took a couple of tries to strike a match. The storm shutters banged a raging rhythm as the strong winds roared inland.
She joined him at the bar, still wrapped in the blanket. He hadn’t heard her approach in the din of the raging storm. The warm candlelight played across her features, softening and smoothing them in a glow that looked like warm rum on a late summer’s day.
He stared. Luke would have absolutely loved Mari. In fact, they would probably have both pursued her if he were still around. Sadness grew in the dim light like a puff of smoke blossoming. He missed Luke. 
Missed him so much.
“Light another,” she said.
He did, watching the flame grow bright. “I’m glad we have candles,” he said, clicking off the flashlight and setting it down. “We can save the flashlight batteries.”
“Yeah. Candlelight is nice. Romantic.”
He took a deep breath. This was going to be a long night. She leaned against him.
He tensed. “Are you scared?”
“If I said I was, would you hold me?”
Would he? His feelings warred with his intellect. What harm could it be to hold her? She needed him. He put his arm around her and pulled her closer, digging his fingers into the blanket. His legs quivered from the rush of heat. “Let’s sit on the couch until the worst passes,” he said. “I’ll hold you while you sleep.” His voice quavered, but she didn’t seem to notice. 
He had to stay strong for her. Protect her. Hold her all night long if necessary.
The wind screamed and the shutters shook like they were coming off their hinges. Anxiety poured over him and sweat slid down his back. He stumbled and fell onto the couch, covering his ears with his hands. The storm, powerful and unrelenting, was hitting the island hard. 
The wind hit the bar over and over, gust after gust, with little time in between. He felt it vibrating and pounding in his soul. His breath sped as he tried to calm himself. He knew, somewhere in his mind, that his reaction was not normal. That PTSD had a vise grip on his brain, but knowing it and feeling it were two different things. 
One, two, three…
“Chase?” She dropped the blanket and moved to kneel on the floor beside the couch.
Four, five, six… He rocked, holding his ears so tightly that his hands ached. The sounds…the water…Luke… Rain. Wind. Real.
She touched his knee, and he pushed her away.
“No…” Seven, eight, nine… The door banged in its frame, rattling and thumping from the wind’s beating.
“You’re scaring me.”
She sat on the floor, arms wrapped around her knees, eyes wide. What was he doing? She needed him. He had to protect her. His fear slid away as he moved to comfort her. A rumbling shook the bar like an earthquake, and he dropped to the ground, dragging her flat onto the floor with him. The floorboards quaked and quavered. He rolled toward her and covered her with his body, holding her.
“What’s going on?” A glass fell from one of the bar shelves and shattered on the floor. “Is it a tornado?”
Wood cracked and splintered—though he couldn’t see it, he knew the bar roof was close to stripping away, shingles probably flying everywhere. He pulled her farther under him. “I don’t know,” he yelled. The shutters vibrated and slapped against the windowsills. She quivered beneath him and he held on tight, his heart pounding so hard he felt for sure it would burst open. If this was the end, he’d at least try to protect her from the bar’s collapse.
A burst of wind then a crash as one of the shutters on the far end of the bar came loose and shattered the lower pane of glass, sending a shower of glass shards and rain into the bar. A whoosh of wind shot in through the broken window with a wail.
Things moved in slow motion. He rolled her under the coffee table, then moved toward the broken window, staying out of the wind’s path as it roared into the bar. He pushed the buffet, trying to shove it in front of the breach, but it barely budged. Suddenly, she was beside him, helping him slide the heavy wooden furniture.
They moved the buffet in front of the window, blocking most of the wind and rain. Broken glass covered the floor and he noticed she was barefoot. He picked her up and carried her to the couch as she leaned her head on him, trembling. The wind and rain sheeted in the opening between the furniture and the window.
He held her as the storm raged and the bar creaked and shuddered. The candles burned down, and two of them went out, leaving only a trace of light flickering in the dark bar. He rocked her and buried his nose in her hair, holding her so close she became part of him. He’d promised her they would get through the storm together, and he’d make sure they did, no matter what.
He didn’t know how long they sat on the couch holding each other, but it felt like forever.
As suddenly as the noise and vibrations started, they receded. The wind still beat against the bar in gusts, but the constant assault had ended.
He looked down at her, her hair a nest around her face and her eyes puffy from crying. “I think the worst is over.”
She closed her eyes. “I hope you’re right.”
“Are you hurt?” he asked. “Did you step on any glass?”
She shook her head. “Don’t let me go, Chase. I need you.”
He pulled her against his chest.
“Do you think it was a tornado?” She clutched his arm.
“No,” he said. “Those are in Kansas. With the little dogs.”


Chapter Fourteen
Mari tried to smile at Chase’s joke, but acid pooled in her stomach. The storm had been much worse than she expected. She’d never been through a tornado, if that’s what it was, and she never wanted to experience it again.
Being in his arms was almost worth having to deal with the storm, but not quite. She inhaled, breathing in his scent. Or maybe it was worth it, but barely. Who was she kidding? Of course it was worth it. She’d go through ten hurricanes, no one hundred, if it meant she was with Chase.
“I need you, Chase.” She ran her hands over his chest then under his shirt. “Please.”
He pulled away. “I can’t give you what you need. And I won’t hurt you intentionally, ever.”
“I don’t know what you mean. I’m telling you what I need. I need to feel you inside me. I need to feel your hands on my breasts and your lips on mine. What has changed since this afternoon? You wanted me then.”
He groaned. “I can’t promise you anything. You know I’m leaving. I don’t want to lead you on.”
She slipped her hand into his waistband. “You aren’t leading me anywhere I don’t want to be already.”
He pulled her hand away. “I can’t promise you anything,” he repeated. “Not now, not ever.”
She closed her eyes. “I’m not asking you to promise me anything. Give me this moment. Take me again. Make me feel you.”
Gods, she wanted him. Would he reject her again? She ran her hand over the bulge in his pants. Clearly his body and mind weren’t on the same page.
“Please.” 
Passion bloomed in his gaze and her heart fluttered. She might not get him forever, but she’d make the best of this moment. She tugged her shirt over her head and tossed it on the floor. He had her bra off before she could move to unclasp it.
He jerked her onto his lap and held her face. “I would never hurt you.”
“I know.”
He pulled her into a kiss, and she moved closer to him, her hair falling forward.
Before she knew it, he’d stripped her, and she lay facedown on the couch. Naked, he towered over her.
“You drive me insane.” He stroked himself then knelt beside the couch. “I want every part of you.”
“Then take it.”
He kissed the back of her knee and she giggled as he made his way up the back of her thigh to her ass. Massaging her cheeks, he gave her a nip. She jumped.
“What are you doing?” Her nipples hardened and she tried to turn to see him, but he pushed her back down.
“Relax.” He slipped a finger between her legs and pressed her clit.
She moaned. “I can’t relax if you’re doing that.”
“You like this?”
“Oh yes.”
He circled her clit with his finger then pushed two fingers inside, stroking and rubbing till he found the ball of nerves that formed her G-spot.
“Please,” she panted. If he didn’t take her soon, she was going to come apart in his hands.
“Please what?” He rubbed harder. “Say it, Mari. Tell me what you want.”
Pleasure bloomed from her core and she fought against coming. “Fuck me. I want you to fuck me now.”
He pulled his fingers away and smacked her ass. She lay still, waiting, listening to the rip of a foil condom pack, then feeling his weight against her back.
“You sure you’re ready?”
“Yes!”
He lifted her hips and pushed into her from behind. She kept her face buried in the couch, her ass high in the air. He held her tight, almost painfully, but not quite.
“You feel good.” He moved faster, nearly pulling out with each thrust.
“Uhhh,” was all she could manage. He filled her completely, and if she had the chance, she’d never grow tired of feeling him moving inside her.
Pleasure struck hard and fast and she cried out as an orgasm slammed into her. She wasn’t sure when he came, but the next thing she realized, they lay on the couch together, damp with sweat. He kissed the top of her head.
“Sleep well,” he whispered.
* * * *
Mari slipped out onto the bar deck, pulling the door closed behind her. A few wet shingles, slick and glistening in the morning sunlight, lay tossed on the stairs. Mostly, things looked intact. No sign of significant structure damage.
Chase was still asleep on the bar couch. She wasn’t sure when he’d finally settled down. She’d slept naked in his arms but then woke up worrying about her store. 
The deck had withstood the brunt of the storm with no obvious problems, though dune grass draped over the railing in places and branches scattered over the decking. The bar had been in the debris path of the howling winds, but the storm surge hadn’t sent water over the dunes. It was going to be an easy cleanup with no water damage to contend with.
She whistled quietly as she stepped over a wet piece of wood and out where she could survey the roof. It looked undamaged, with a few loose or missing shingles.
No way she’d ever stay on land for another storm, not if she had any choice. She tucked a stray strand of hair behind her ear. The wind and rain had been scarier than she’d ever experienced. From now on, she’d ride storms out under the water, where the wind couldn’t reach, and the rain was ineffective. 
The storm shutter on the broken bar window dangled from its lower hinge, canting at an odd angle. Things could have been much worse, for sure. The silence on the deck was unnatural. 
Where were all the birds? The whistle of the ocean breeze? The noisy tourists? She felt like the lone survivor of Armageddon, alone with Chase and ready to populate the world. Kind of felt like a cheap sci-fi flick. With the promise of lots of great sex and old canned goods.
Her imagination served to calm her nerves, though sometimes she wondered where the heck all the crazy stuff came from. One day, she’d write a novel, for sure.
She shielded her eyes against the bright sunlight streaming across the debris and walked over to the railing, her flips-flops hitting the wet deck with a smack-smack, thunk-thunk. No going barefoot on the deck today, it wasn’t safe. In fact, she ought to wear something more protective than flip-flops, but they were the only shoes she’d brought up from her apartment. 
She raised her face to the warm sun, letting it spread across her face, then looked out over the gray ocean. The surface of the water shimmied and shone like a new costume, but she knew the danger skulking in the darker depths.
“Oh my gosh.” She scanned what was left of the pier. The surf must have torn it in half because the broken parts lay scattered along the beach. No doubt, the damage had happened with the worst of the weather gripping the island. 
A light breeze hit her, pushing away the sticky humidity for a moment, and she gulped the fresh air—so clean. But the pier—what would the islanders do? Tears stung her eyes though she knew the locals would make a comeback. They always did. It would cost a lot to rebuild, and the island wasn’t an elite tourist destination by any means—not a lot of money in the coffers.
But the people were strong and believed in the town. It’d come back better than it was.
The morning’s slanting sunrays cast golden-orange rivers of light across the ocean—calm and serene as if nothing had happened. 
The sea beckoned her. Come in. Swim. 
Her heart responded, and she had to push the urge to run to the water and dive in down. She could swim another day. Today, she had to help Chase. 
She felt a pang of guilt at feeling happy about her night with Chase, but it was hard to feel too bad about anything after such great sex. He needed her in other ways, though, and the physical was merely a shadow of the connection she felt with him. If mermaids had fated mates, the pull she felt to him would be what it felt like.
Remnants of the island’s buildings lay scattered along the beach in both directions. Wood, grasses, pieces of shingles, and who knew what else lay in piles and clumps along the once crystalline and clear sand. A large chunk of concrete lay near the water’s edge where the pier began, tossed onshore or maybe ripped from a home down the beach. 
Despite the destruction, they had been lucky.
Were she and Chase the only ones who’d stayed behind? Surely not. Shingles fluttering in the ocean breeze from houses with tattered roofs were the only signs of movement besides the gulls that circled and dove on the wreckage, looking for breakfast in the beachy wasteland. The giant Ferris wheel from the amusement park down the beach stood still with no sign of lights or movement.
She took a deep breath and headed down the stairs. She couldn’t wait a moment longer to find out how her shop had fared. 
Her flip-flops crunched on the thin coating of sand covering the lower deck. Thankfully, the sand was blown in by the wind, not washed in by the waves—otherwise there would be more damage and a lot more sand. 
Things looked okay with her shop. One piece of plywood hung off her bedroom window. How had it come unscrewed? Maybe the vibrations from the wind? The window had a hole in it and a limb poked through—still leafy green and wet.
Broken glass spread across the floor under the window like a rainbow of crystals. She stepped around the shattered window pieces and tried to peer into her room, but it was too dark inside to see anything, and the limb blocked all but the smallest sightline. 
The wind had to be pretty strong to propel the branch all the way onto the deck and through the window. At least it was her bedroom window, not the main window in her shop. Not much in her bedroom but clothing and household stuff, and it would all dry out. The shop itself looked dry and fine.
“We were lucky,” she whispered. Her bedroom was probably wet, but there wasn’t anything irreplaceable or of high value in there. 
They’d remove the plywood on the remaining windows later and open all the storm shutters, but it looked like the building had survived.
Thank goodness for that. She stepped closer, her heart in her throat. Somewhere on the island, someone had lost everything. 
And Mari had weathered the storm to save her shop and apartment when she had another home safe and sound under the water.
Speaking of her other home… 
Crap. She rubbed her eyes and put her hands on her hips.
Her mother wasn’t going to be happy that she didn’t swim home before the storm hit. No telling what Inna told her, but he’d probably stirred up trouble. She sighed. Reality sucked. Why couldn’t she remain in her fantasy world with Chase? Why couldn’t she just leave behind all her troubles?
It probably wasn’t safe to swim right now either, with all the junk floating in the water near shore. Her mother would have to wait a while to see her.
Besides, Mari didn’t want to leave Chase. Being near him made her feel alive. Strong. Independent. Happy. 
Her face warmed, and she closed her eyes and touched her lips. She’d never been kissed the way Chase kissed her. Passion, joy, danger…all rolled into one. And then the sex. Oh, he was good. As close to perfect as she’d ever experienced.
She pushed her hair over her shoulders and headed to the beach walkway so she could see the pier up close and inspect the damage. The steps that led down onto the beach were completely covered by washed-in sand, and she took off her flip-flops and half stepped, half slid down the hill, her toes sinking into the wet sand. She set her shoes at the bottom of the buried stairs and walked out onto the beach, careful not to step on any wood chunks or other debris. 
“What a beautiful day,” she said aloud. The sky over the ocean was the bluest blue imaginable, deep and light at the same time and almost glowing from the fresh charge in the air. Back over the island, to the west, the last of the storm clouds retreated—giant billows of gray and swirls of dark purples—skulking away from the coastline. 
She whistled her favorite song—Sweet Georgia Brown—and headed toward the remains of the pier.
The tide was out, and the beach lay wide and open, glistening in the sun. Shells crunched underfoot. Usually, after a storm, tourists flocked to the beach to hunt for rare shells and treasure that might have washed up in the surge. Not today, though. It wasn’t likely that the ferry had resumed. 
With no electricity, it would be impossible to tell if anyone was on the island unless she actually saw someone. She stepped over a shattered piece of pylon, white barnacles clinging to its side in a clumpy pattern.
At the water’s edge, the structure appeared sound, but about fifteen yards out into the surf, the pier looked like a giant sea creature had taken a bite, then spit out the remains in the water. Pieces of the jagged wood bobbed on the waves and lay strewn on the shore. 
What a mess.
Movement on the beach captured her attention, and she stopped whistling as her breath caught, mid-note. Someone was coming down the beach toward her. So much for being alone.
She shielded her eyes from the bright sun and strained to see if she recognized the dark figure approaching from the northern section of the beach. She leaned against the pier in what she hoped was a casual, don’t mess with me stance. 
A gull dove and splashed the water behind her, and she gazed over her shoulder to see what he was doing. Fishing and scavenging. It’d sure be handy to talk to him—have him on her side in case the approaching figure turned out to be a menace. 
She could tell the gull to pick his eyes out. Ah, her own gull army, armed with sharp beaks and a piercing battle call… She smiled.
She studied the figure as it approached. It was a man. A big man—bigger than Inna, tall, with wide shoulders. She stared, unable to avert her gaze or pretend that she wasn’t watching him. The man’s long, dark hair, plaited into a multitude of tiny braids that fell to his waist, swung as he walked. He only wore shorts, and short ones at that, and his dark, broad chest and feet were bare. Tiny white shells hung on his braids and clacked together as he walked.
Merman. She sensed it clearly.
“Mari,” he said, stopping a few feet from her.
Her breath caught as she looked him over. Muscles that bulged in all the right places and a face that could easily grace a magazine cover—human or mer. 
“Yes?” She’d never seen him before, but he was definitely a merman.
He winked, clearly noticing her pointed stares. Mari looked over her shoulder to see if Chase was out on the deck. How would she explain talking to the stranger?
“Mesa,” he said, holding out his hand for a handshake.
She held out her hand and he squeezed it as he shook it. His grasp was warm and soft.
“Your mother sent me to see if you were okay. Happy to see that you are.”
“Oh,” she said. “My mother. Yeah, I’m fine.”
“Good.”
 “I don’t recognize you. Are you my tribe?” She pulled her hand away and tucked errant tendrils of hair behind her ears. If he was her tribe, she wanted to know where he lived, because there were certainly no men resembling him around the council land.
“No, I belong to Inna’s tribe, but he offered to your mother for me to check on you.” He crossed his arms and looked out at the pier wreckage. “Shame the pier is destroyed. It was a great place to hang out and people-watch, without being, you know, watched.”
“You people-watch?”
“Yeah, when I’m not working. This area was one of my favorite spots. Too bad.”
He must be pretty high ranking to be allowed to spend so much time near shore. Most merpeople stayed away from populated spots. “Why didn’t Inna come himself?” she asked. “He was here twice yesterday.”
“The water is filled with debris. It’s not safe near shore right now, but I know the area well,” Mesa said. “Plus, he was talking with your mother, and I think they are discussing the tribal merge. And wedding plans.”
She winced and took a deep breath to dispel the sudden anxiety. “Are you here to drag me home against my will?”
He laughed and his deep voice echoed down the deserted beach. “No. But you do need to come home. Show your mother that you are okay. She’s worried, and you don’t want her to come looking for you.”
“No.” She scanned the waves. “I definitely don’t.” This merman wasn’t menacing. In fact, he was quite friendly.
“Well, I’ve checked on you. I’m going to let everyone know you are okay, that you’re finishing up things. Stay safe and come home soon.”
She stared at the white shell necklace tight around his throat. She recognized the tribal pattern, now. It was Inna’s family’s pattern, so Mesa was not merely Inna’s tribe, he was close family. “Are you one of Inna’s cousins? Or uncles or something?”
“I am his cousin, though I don’t see him often unless we are…working. I’m part of his team—that’s why I’m with him now while he discusses politics with your mother.”
He smiled at her and his expression was anything but murderous. Maybe she was wrong. Her thoughts going wild again, that’s all.
Realization washed over her. Mesa was likely one of the mermen who attacked Luke and Chase before the creature came. He’d been there that day when she had come upon the divers. Did he know she had saved Chase? 
Had he helped Inna hurt other people, too? Her heartrate sped and she absently rubbed her arm. Images of the rescue, the thousands of bubbles, the dark water. The struggle.
The waves crashed on the sand and the water pooled near her. Tide was coming in. Calling her to swim. Escape—get far away from that day when she saved Chase and Luke died. Far away from anything associated with Inna. Chase would never forgive her if he ever found out.
“Mari?”
She turned to Mesa, all fondness for him evaporating in the burgeoning heat of the morning, as the truth lay bare. He was a murderer like Inna and no matter how nice he was being, it didn’t change the facts. She couldn’t trust him. He was bad news. Anyone who worked with Inna was, and she could never trust a person who called Inna friend.
“Tell my mother I’ll be home soon. I need to take care of a few things here first.” She crossed her arms. “Tell her to be patient, and that I’m fine, but I have to be here to make sure my store is secure. And tell her to stop sending merpeople to check on me.”
“I’ll tell her. She wasn’t happy last night, though—angrier than I’ve ever seen her. You should’ve come on home. Independent or not, she wants to know that you’re okay.” Mesa turned to walk away, then stopped and looked back. “If I were you, I wouldn’t keep either of them waiting.”
She nodded, debating whether to brave the questions filling her mind. “Mesa?”
“Yeah?” The wind lifted the ends of his braids, sending the shell beads into a tinkling frenzy.
She knew the words would clog her throat as she said them. “Were you with Inna when that diver was killed and the other injured last year? Off the north end of this island? Chase and Luke.” Her heart hammered.
“Yes,” he said, raising an eyebrow. “I was there. And I remember what you did—saving that diver man. Why?”
“I need to know…”
“Inna forbade us to talk about it. Don’t tell him I spoke of it, or he will punish me.”
“Is it true, then? Did Chase’s ancestors kill Amelia?”


Chapter Fifteen
Chase leaned on the railing. He watched Mari arguing with the long-haired man on the beach. Her body language looked upset—maybe angry. She stomped her feet and flailed her arms and the man stood there with his arms crossed. 
What was going on? Who was this man? If they weren’t at the water’s edge, he’d go down and make sure she was all right. For now, he’d observe from the deck. Though the hurricane was gone, he had no desire to be near the still-stirred water.
He ran his hand along the wooden railing, feeling the ridges from a thousand beer bottles and hundreds of warm summer nights. If he were being honest with himself, he’d admit he would miss the bar and all the long nights of work and music and stories. He’d miss the dreams he’d brought to life with Luke. He’d miss the life he’d created here—summer, beer, sand…
And Mari. He was going to miss her too.
He squeezed the railing. With the pier gone, it would take a fortune to rebuild the area. Tourism would suffer. The bar sale might not go through at all now. He shook his head. 
He and Luke would have led the reconstruction. That’s what they did—helped. Frightening that a freak storm could come at any time and wipe away years of work. Living on the shore required a strong will and a stronger back, and Luke wasn’t around to help anymore.
The ocean menaced, taunting him with its white-capped waves, still rushing in after the storm and spreading out along the sand in a bubbly veil. The beach was a mess, with refuse and remains of the pier and other beach structures thrown about on the flat sand. He let out a long sigh, trying to release some of the anxiety that had knotted his muscles during the storm.
Mari had helped him get through the rough moments and talking about Luke had been therapeutic. And the sex had been amazing. Still, his body and mind had reacted to the encroaching water in the dark of night. But he’d made it through.
Thankfully, the surge hadn’t reached the bar, though it looked like they’d have to dig out the bottom steps down to the beach—a mound of washed-up sand covered them. Movement caught his eye and he watched as Mari and the man parted. 
As she headed back toward the bar, she stopped to pick up shells and toss them into the water, jumping up and down as they made their tiny splashes. The man walked in the opposite direction. Did she know him, or had they just met? Maybe he was a homeowner down the beach.
Chase debated going back into the bar so she wouldn’t notice him watching her, but decided he’d pretend to be assessing repairs. They’d open the storm shutters and take down the plywood today, or maybe tomorrow, depending on how much work it was going to take to clear the deck of debris. Surely some of the guys would be able to get onto the island by then to help.
He shielded his eyes and looked up at the bar roof. The missing shingles wouldn’t cause leaking if he was lucky. At least they weren’t all in the same area—the damage was patchworked across the roofline like a tattered quilt. It would be a while before a crew could get out to fix the roof—the bar damage would be low priority with all the major work to be done on the island. Hopefully, the repair wouldn’t delay closing on the bar’s sale.
Mari climbed onto a broken-off pylon and jumped into the sand. From a distance, she radiated beauty, impulsiveness, youth, sex, joy. All the things he found attractive. If he could bottle her spirit into a perfume, he’d be a wealthy man. Of course, he’d keep it all for himself.
“Oh,” he groaned, rubbing his face. Shit. He’d kissed her and made love to her again. Love, not just sex. And not a peck of a kiss either, but a soul-searing exchange. His shoulders slumped and exhaustion washed over him. 
What had he been thinking?
His body had known what to do. When their lips met, he felt like he’d known her forever. And when their bodies came together again, everything was perfect. Like they had a connection beyond the present. Beyond the bar, and the storm, and beyond the vast ocean.
They hadn’t spoken about it afterward. He’d held her on the couch for a good part of the night, but that was him protecting her, right? Not to be confused with cuddling in a romantic way.
Who am I kidding? They’d had sex twice within a day and he was falling, hard and fast.
Who wouldn’t?
He watched her spinning on the beach, arms out and head back, her hair swinging out around her.
“I can’t do this,” he mumbled. A brisk puff of wind pushed at him. “Not fair to her. Gotta stop acting like a lovestruck teen.” He shoved his hands in his pockets and kicked at the sand sprinkled on the deck. Getting involved with her was the worst possible thing he could do, even though she told him she understood he wasn’t making a commitment. He needed to get the bar repaired, move out, and sign the papers. Focus.
She waved at him. Not a little hand stutter, but a full-on both arms in the air and jumping up and down. He smiled. God, she was beautiful. He waved back with one arm and motioned her to come up to the bar. The sooner they could find out what condition the island was in, the sooner he could leave.
Maybe she’d consider going with him? He shook his head. She’d made it clear she wanted to live at the beach. No way she’d move inland to be with him.
He walked down the stairs to the lower deck, the wet wood creaking as he made his way. The MERMAID’S PURSE sign was a bit askew, but it looked like the plywood had held on her shop. Thank goodness for that. Oh, one piece of plywood had partially come off and the bedroom window was broken, speared by a tree limb. Still, only two broken windows in the whole place seemed like a miracle, given the strength of the storm.
“Help me!”
“Be right there.” He raced down the beach walkway. When he got to the stairs, he paused, looking at the mountain of sand that had washed against the walkway, obscuring the lower five or six stairs in a mound.
She struggled to climb the pile of sand, her flip-flops in one hand. “I can’t get back up,” she said. She looked up at him, her eyes shining. “I need help.”
“Try to climb on this side.” The warm sun ran down his back and heated him. He stood at the end of the walkway and reached down for her. He wasn’t going down on the beach. It was too close to the ocean. “Take my hand.”
She stepped up the hill, her feet slipping from under her as the sand slid away. She held out her hand and tried again with the same result. She wasn’t going to be able to do it. He ran his hand through his hair, picking at the spiky ends.
“I think you need to come down here on the beach and push me up from behind.” She shielded her eyes from the sun with her hand. “I can’t reach you from here. There’s too much sand.”
Go on the sand? Onto the beach? Where the water had been, a few hours ago? Sweat broke out along his brow, and another trail wended down his shoulders. He shook his head. “I’m not sure I could get back up if I came all the way down there. Let me try to brace myself halfway. Maybe you can reach me.”
“Okay. I’ll try.”
She stared at him as he tried to maneuver partway down the sand-covered stairs, and his pulse raced at the scrutiny. Some rescuer he was, not able to stand on a beach. In the sunshine.
He wedged himself part of the way down the stairs and reached for her, the sand moving out from under his feet. He tried to back up, but he slid, his feet not gaining any traction on the shifting mess. She reached for him, and he leaned toward her a bit. 
As soon as her hand touched his, he lost his footing and fell forward with an unmanly shriek, tumbling headfirst into her.
He landed right on top of her. As he struggled to hold himself up on his arms he looked down at her lying underneath him, her face alight with amusement.
“You gonna kiss me again?” she asked. “All you had to do was ask. You didn’t have to tackle me.”
“Sorry. You okay?” He scrambled up off her and dusted the sand off his hands. Trying not to listen to the waves breaking close by on the beach, he turned his back to the ocean.
“I’m fine,” she said. She sat up, her face in a giant pout. “I guess I’m not kissable in the daytime. Or in the sunshine. I’m a storm girl.” A seagull strafed the tops of the dunes and shrieked as it buzzed past.
He ran his hand through his hair, his pulse pounding in his neck. Of course she was kissable. Too kissable. How to explain to her that if he kissed her again, he might never stop? “I—”
“Don’t worry about it, diver.” She stood and shook the sand from her shirt. “I can handle rejection. Usually.” A smile blossomed. “Or…” she said, her eyes alight with mischief. “I can kiss you.” In a split second, she threw her arms around his neck and craned to kiss him, giving him a peck beneath his chin.
Reflexively, he put his arms around her and pulled her close. Oh, what the hell. He bent his head, and her lips met his with a slow kiss.


Chapter Sixteen
“I don’t want to go to the amusement park.” Chase shifted the small backpack higher on his shoulders. “I need to clean up debris around the bar. Besides, it isn’t like the rides will be open." The storm had been a huge setback and if he didn't get everything back into shape quickly, the sale would be delayed, and so would the move.
“I need to get outside for a little while. Get some fresh air away from this place. We can clean tomorrow.”
He wanted to finish the cleanup work and get off the island entirely. She’d guilted him into taking a walk down to see how the beachside amusement park had handled the storm, and he’d reluctantly agreed, figuring he should see the damage on other parts of the island. It appeared that the bar had been spared the fate of many other buildings.
She pulled him along the sandy street, tugging him whenever he slowed. She was persistent. Adorable in the right context, but at the moment a bit irritating. He mumbled his discontent under his breath. 
The beach road lay deserted in both directions, not a car or pedestrian in sight. The whole island felt still and frozen in time, like a torn photograph with parts missing and damaged.
“Oh, come on.” She squeezed his hand and flashed him a bright smile. “Keep moving! It’s not going to take long.”
“Do I have a choice?” He couldn’t help but smile back. “You’re dragging me.” He shuffled along. She wasn’t going to give up, that was clear. Best to go along and get it over with. As long as she didn’t want to go onto the beach, he’d be fine. He could spare a couple hours, but he didn’t want to with all the work left to do.
The deep-blue sky burst with hints of orange where the sun hung low in the west. They’d spent most of the day taking down plywood and opening the storm shutters, and Chase had boarded up the two broken windows. His shoulders tensed and he rubbed at his neck. A deep and pervasive ache spread throughout his upper back and exhaustion seeped into his bones.
Water, everywhere. He couldn’t remember a time when he was more exhausted.
“Relax. The mess will wait.”
“Exactly. It isn’t going anywhere until I clean it up.” He slipped out of her grasp and stretched his arms up high, savoring the burn in his shoulders and along his triceps. He needed a massage. The tentacle tattoo rippled as he straightened his arms in front of him. “It needs to be done soon.” He rubbed the tattoo and took a deep breath.
She frowned. “Don’t you think we did enough work for one day?” She kicked a pebble and it rattled across the concrete. “Plus, we didn’t get a lot of sleep last night. I’m tired and I need a break. Some fun.”
“Fun.” Chase shifted his gaze out toward the beach, scanning for any sign of danger. “Wasn’t last night fun?”
“Yeah, parts of it were a lot of fun.” She grabbed his hand again.
“Wasn’t that enough?”
“Never.”
He grinned and looked away. Maybe he would ask her to go with him. Maybe she would go.
At some spots, the island was so narrow you could throw a stone from the sound side to the waves. He shivered. Too much water, too little land. “I’m tired too. Why aren’t we resting?” Some areas of the road had seen a wash-over, and the sand across the pavement lay in testament to the sea’s power.
“I want to see how the park fared. It’s one of my favorite places on the island.” She squeezed his hand. “And I need to get out.”
“I’m sure it is fine. It’s been through a lot of storms. I think the island was fortunate. The storm must have turned a bit before making landfall. I don’t think we had a direct hit.”
“Yeah.” She stopped. “I’d go for a swim if I didn’t worry about all the debris in the water.”
He watched her gaze out over the ocean with an almost reverent look on her face. He wouldn’t go out in the water for a million bucks. Especially not after a storm. No telling what the tide pushed up near the shore. He shuddered and cleared his throat. “The electricity is still out.” He scanned the horizon. Not a ship in sight.
“You’ve got the flashlights?” She led him forward.
“Yeah. In the pack, with the water, and a cell phone with no signal.” He squeezed her hand. He’d been determined not to let her get to him. And here he was walking hand in hand with her.
“We’re well equipped for dark, then.” She moved in front of him, walking backward.
She stopped and he bumped into her. She smiled, the slanting sunlight glinting in her eyes.
“What?” he asked. He ran his hand over his face. She was near, and he imagined he could feel the heat of her body radiating toward him. Too close. Too dangerous.
Leaning into him, she threw her arms around his neck and pulled him toward her. “Kiss me.”
He sighed. She asked—and what was the harm? And he wanted to kiss her. Spend days kissing her. He adjusted the backpack, then pulled her close, settling his hands around her shoulders. She reached around his waist. “One,” he said, giving her a chaste peck on the cheek.
“Hey.” She licked her lips. “That’s not much of a kiss. Give me another. A real one.” She pressed her body against his, and heat tingled in his abdomen.
A real kiss. He could do that. He wanted to do that. Reason be damned, he wanted to kiss her. Why fight it? He clasped the back of her head and slipped his tongue into her mouth, savoring every movement. His groin warmed, and heat rose through his body, leaving him tingling. When he let her go, she gulped for air.
“Better?” he asked, surprised at his breathiness. A gust of warm wind filled the air with salty smells, and he breathed it in deep. 
That’s what she tasted like. Salt and dreams and the ocean breeze on a hot day. He kissed her again, crushing her against him, her soft breasts against his chest. She swept her tongue over his with yielding wetness, like a melting mint, and he groaned. 
“Definitely better.”
He pulled back, his face flushing. “We’ve got to stop. I can’t do this.”
“Why not?” She sighed, eyes half-closed, lashes fluttering. “What’s stopping you? What’s stopping us? We’re alone.”
“You know I’m moving away from the ocean. And I want you, but I don’t want to hurt you.”
“Then don’t hurt me. Hold me and kiss me until you can’t feel your lips, then make love to me until your muscles beg for sleep…”
He took a step back. Nothing he’d like better than to lay her down and make love to her again and again. He was moving far from the ocean, and he had more respect for Mari than to lead her on and take advantage of her. His heart and his head were not in agreement. What to do?
“Well? What’s it going to be? Are you going to leave me here and run away?”
“I thought you wanted to go to the park. If we don’t hurry, we’re going to get caught in the dark.” A stutter formed in his breath, and he coughed. “The light’s already fading, and I’d like to get home before night.”
“So?” She turned to look over the sound at the sun slung low in the sky. Oranges and pinks reflected on her face and painted colorful streaks in the highlights of her blonde hair. “Don’t you want me?”
He sighed. “It isn’t that I don’t want you… It’s complicated.” She wanted to live at the beach, and he couldn’t bear to be near the water and the dark memories. Why couldn’t she understand that they couldn’t be together?
“Then what is it? We’re both adults and we should be able to do what we want.”
“I’m moving. Soon.”
“I know. You’ve mentioned it a few times.” For a second, an unidentifiable expression crossed her face.
“I don’t want to hurt you.”
“You said that. But this is my choice too.” She scowled. “Does kissing me have anything to do with what happened to your brother? Because that would be weird.”
“Of course not. Why would you say that?” He glanced at the ocean, checking again for danger. “This is how it needs to be. I need you to understand it.”
“Well, I don’t understand. You make everything about your brother, and I think it’s time to make something about me.”
“If we’re going to the park, we need to go now while we can still see where we’re walking. Not like we can do anything without electricity.”
“I take that as a challenge.” Mari looked at him, her eyes twinkling with mischief. “We’ll find something to do. I’m sure of it. And this conversation is far from over. I intend to find out what your problem is, Chase McCormack.”
He harrumphed and grabbed her hand. “Let’s go.” She deserved more than a fling and more than him. More than he could provide. And it had nothing to do with what had happened to Luke. This was about her. He couldn’t make promises he wouldn’t keep. He walked, pulling her along this time. Better to get the evening over with and worry about the bar tomorrow.
A gull squalled and then landed on the road in front of them. It pecked at the asphalt with its bright-orange beak, fluffed its white and gray feathers, then looked up at her and let out a piercing screech. He winced. 
Damn birds were loud—especially in the quiet of the post-storm island. He and Luke had loved the birds when they were kids, but after owning the bar, he realized what a nuisance they could be.
She ran at the bird, sending it fluttering and soaring as she approached. She burst into laughter and he smiled. “I wish I could fly,” she shouted to the sky. She put her arms out like wings and ran back and forth across the road, weaving and bobbing. “I’d soar out over the ocean and land on a fancy cruise ship for dinner. One that has electricity and hot food.”
“Fly back over here to me, dove.”
The long shafts of sunlight glinted in her hair as she pirouetted and ran toward him. Leaping, reaching through the air for him. He caught her in his arms.
“Hey, mister,” she said. “Kiss me or put me down.”
“Fine.” His heart warmed. He lifted her and swung her in a circle, long hair flying out behind her as they spun. She laughed aloud and he smiled, dizziness overwhelming him. When he stopped and lowered her, she nuzzled against his chest, her hair brushing over his arms. 
The tattoo on his side buzzed like a thousand insects crawled over it. He kissed the top of her head, her hair warm against his lips and his head spinning.
He should stop. But he didn’t want to stop. He wanted to hold her close and listen to her laughter and share in her happiness. He closed his eyes and laid his cheek on her head, hugging her close. Damn the bad memories and damn his chivalry. She was an adult, and if she wanted a kiss, who was he to deny her?
She snuggled against him, and the rise and fall of her chest played like a faint melody he’d captured in his arms. A song that played only for him. The moment, the breeze, the warm sun… His shoulders eased and for an instant, he relaxed.
“Chase,” she said, her voice muffled in his shirt. “What—”
Before she could finish the sentence that promised to break the perfection of the moment, he tipped her chin higher and grazed her lips with his. “Shhh,” he whispered over her mouth. He ran his tongue lightly over her soft lips, tasting her again and again. 
When her breathing quickened, he held her steady and firm and continued his assault on her mouth. She wrapped her arms around his neck and pulled him against her, her lax body conforming to his chest in a drape of seduction.
When she deepened the kiss, he wished she were on a bed where he could press harder against her, feeling every contour of her soft body beneath his. He ran his hands down her back, feeling the slight dip of her waist and the outward curve of her hips. When he ran his hand over her ass, she groaned and thrust forward.
Get control, mister. Boy, Luke would be laughing at him now. Chase was totally smitten by this girl with wild eyes and an uninhibited personality. Something about her captured his attention, and it was more than her looks. She had a mysteriousness about her, something hidden. The way she loved the ocean and lived alone on the island with no family nearby. He pulled back and looked down at her.
God, she was sexy as hell.
Before Luke’s death, he wouldn’t have thought twice about having her in his bed, frequently and without regret.


Chapter Seventeen
She smiled. “Ready?”
Oh yes. “For?”
“The park, silly. Let’s go! I want to see the Ferris wheel—it’s my favorite ride.” She tugged at his arm and he followed.
“It isn’t going to be running.”
“I know, but we’ll get to see it with no one else around. Usually, it’s busy.”
“Yeah. I love the wheel too.” He readjusted the backpack.
“Well, let’s pretend we’re at the World’s Fair,” she continued. “We’re visiting from a foreign country and…”
“Which fair? Chicago?” He watched her hips swing as she walked. 
“Paris,” she said. A sudden gust of wind whipped across the road and spread her hair over her face in a net. She tugged the tresses back behind her ears. “I love Paris. Beautiful and refined. And so French. At least that’s what I hear.”
“Sorry. No Ferris wheel in Paris. Chicago, 1893 World’s Fair, that’s when the Ferris wheel made its debut.” He quickened his steps. They were almost to the park, and there, they’d have distractions from the kisses and closeness.
She stopped and put her hands on her hips. “Since when do you know so much about Ferris wheels?” she asked. “You didn’t even want to go to the park.”
Pride swelled and he bit it down. There was a lot she didn’t know about him. “I’ve been fascinated by fairs, amusement parks, and Ferris wheels since Luke and I were little. He and I both were. We read everything we could about historical expos. Did you know the 1893 fair in Chicago was the celebration of four hundred years since Columbus landed?”
She shook her head. “Um, no. That’s cool.”
“And that same year, the US was trying to outdo the 1889 World’s Fair, which had showcased the newly built Eiffel Tower. Your beloved Paris. We need to keep it factual.”
“Okay, fine.” She rolled her eyes. “You win. Chicago wins. Ferris wheel. Though we could imagine there’s a Ferris wheel in Paris, we could call it the Eiffel Tower.”
“If that’s what you want,” he said. “We can pretend. As long as you know it isn’t accurate.”
“Lighten up. It doesn’t have to be factual. How about a little fantasy?” She shook her head and frowned. “Let’s hurry. I want to have time to explore before sunset. And, by the way, the wheel is in Paris, now. Not Chicago.” She winked.
They walked without talking, Mari whistling what sounded like a mash-up of Jingle Bells and America, the Beautiful, and Chase trying to keep up with her brisk pace. She walked fast for someone shorter than him, and occasionally, she’d start skipping and he’d have to half run to keep up. He finally grabbed her hand and breathed deeply as she settled in beside him, matching his pace.
Things were perfect. Almost. Except he was still on the island, and still near the water. He still had to get the bar ready for closing and move. And he’d be leaving soon. He needed to make a decision. Leave her or ask her to go with him.
He shuffled his feet, slowing their pace. Rows of bungalows lay along the road, empty for now, but each holding a family’s memories within its walls. Lots of happy people. Kids. Vacations filled with sunburns and seashells. Like he and Luke had enjoyed long ago. His heart hurt so much, he thought he would burst open from the pain.
He’d been naive then, oblivious and unaware that one day life would smack him in the face and take away the things he cared about. But he was wiser now. Wasn’t he? Caring again would only mean more heartache down the road. For both him and Mari. Why would he risk that for either of them? No matter how good the moment, bad times were ahead.
“What’s wrong? You’re quiet.” She rubbed her thumb across his skin, and tingles shot up his arm. Her effect on him wasn’t in question. It was the long term that would be a problem. If he gave in.
“Nothing.” He shrugged, his tightening muscles protesting the movement.
“Um. You look like you’ve been sucking a lemon. And right after you kissed me.” A lone seagull screeched and blitzed the road. She watched the bird for a moment, following its flight out over the beach.
“Nothing.”
She turned to him and frowned. “Seriously, what’s wrong? One minute, you’re kissing me, and the next, you’re brooding.” She stopped and took his other hand in hers and leaned close. “Make up your mind.”
He cleared his throat. How could he tell her that despite everything they’d shared in the last twenty-four hours, he still had to move? Leave the bar, the island, her. Despite the talks, the walks, and especially despite the kisses and the sex? He couldn’t stay, couldn’t live near the ocean any longer. “I’m okay,” he said. “Thinking about the bar and all the work left to do to pack and move.” 
And how much I’ve fucked up this chance. If only…
He kept his head low and stared at the ground. He was sure she was scowling, and he didn’t have the courage to look up and see her face.
“Don’t think about all that stuff right now,” she said. “Let’s enjoy this evening together, okay? We made it through the storm with minimal damage. That’s worth celebrating. You can worry about the bar tomorrow.”
He met her gaze and noted the sadness in her eyes. “Okay,” he said. “You’re right. We made it.” He sighed and hugged her. Damn it. He was out of control and he’d already hurt her.
“Hey, I can’t breathe.”
He let her go. “Let’s take a look around before it gets dark.”
The beachside amusement park, Ship and Shells, had fared well in the storm. The winding path through the rides was mostly clean of sand and debris, and only a few of the rides and sideshow games showed any evidence that a powerful storm had ripped through the night before. The little concrete pool that held kiddie boats had overflowed onto the decking, and one of the pale-green boats lay overturned at the edge of the fence, but mostly, everything looked intact.
“Looks like it survived. I’m glad. I don’t see any major damage.”
He gazed toward the far side of the park. The bobsleds, fun house, and bumper cars looked okay from the distance. “Let’s check out the Ferris wheel,” he said.
“Okay. Remember, Paris!”
He tried not to smile. Paris… Well, if you were going to be wrong, be wrong about Paris.
“French accents!”
He shook his head, and she raised an eyebrow in challenge, then tugged him forward.
The ancient Ferris wheel sat closest to the beach of all the attractions, giving riders a full view of the ocean as they came over the top of the wheel. He and Luke had ridden a million times when they were children and the drop in his stomach when they spun over the top had burned a memory in his mind. 
He closed his eyes and imagined hot summer days filled with ride tickets and cotton candy and blueberry slushies. Throngs of tourists standing in line to ride the big wheel, and the faint smell of oil and rust and salt and sweat in the thick air. Flip-flops sticking to the hot asphalt and blaring rock music mixing its own beat.
“It’s big.”
He opened his eyes and stared up at the massive wheel towering above them. “One of the largest on the East Coast.”
“I’m glad we aren’t riding it. I’ve always admired it from afar.”
“Why? I’d think you would enjoy it.”
“I’m not a fan of heights.” She crossed her arms over her chest.
“It’s not that high.”
“High enough.”
“Guess you’re in luck that we aren’t riding, then.”
She smiled and rubbed her arms.
Besides a few clumps of vegetation that had caught in the spokes, the Ferris wheel didn’t appear to have suffered any structural damage in the storm. Wouldn’t take much for the park owners to get it back into operation. That was good since the amusement park was one of the big draws to the island.
He pulled open the metal gate and stepped inside the fence surrounding the wheel. She followed, rushing over to the covered cart lowest on the big ride. Looked like the ride attendants had put a cover on each seat to protect it from the storm. It probably wasn’t feasible to take each chair off before every storm came through.
“Let’s undo it,” she said, tugging at the plastic covering cinched over the seat. “I want to sit in the car.”
“We shouldn’t.” He looked up through the scaffolding of the wheel at the darkening blue sky beyond the girders. He loved the angles and symmetry of the metal beast. He’d built countless Ferris wheels out of Popsicle sticks and anything else he could find when he was little, but until he’d gotten a building set, he hadn’t been able to make one that rotated. Still, nothing compared to the real thing. 
A wheel that could take him on a joyride up into the air and down again, the crisp ocean at his feet. When he was younger, the Ferris wheel had represented freedom and independence from earth and parents and childhood’s troubles. And a view out over the ocean.
When he rode it, he flew.
He hadn’t had that feeling in a long time. He and the unpowered wheel were both broken by storms.
“Come on.” She tugged at him. “No one’s around. I want to sit in the car for a few minutes. Not like we can hurt it by sitting there.”
“All right. But we need to be careful.” He helped pull the cover off the seat, puddles of water leaking onto him as the plastic came free amidst bungees and lines of rope. He set the whole mess on the ground near the controls. Hopefully, he’d be able to secure the covering when they were done.
“The Mermaid’s Wheel.” She shielded her eyes. “I’ve always liked that name. But I won’t ride it.”
“It’s been called that for as long as I remember.”
She opened the safety bar and it creaked as she moved it. The car rocked and squeaked. “Hop in, monsieur,” she said, in a French accent. “Seat seventeen. The oyster shell.”
Each seat was named after a sea inhabitant, like the shark, the reef, the octopus. Luke had always preferred the whale, and they’d passed up a turn on the wheel numerous times to wait for the blue cart to come available. 
“The seat’s wet on the side,” he said. “Better sit in the middle. Looks like the cover leaked.” He climbed up in the cart, steadying it so she could climb in after him. He set his backpack to the side. She stepped up into the cart, tipping it forward and setting it swaying and creaking.
“Whoa.” She grabbed the metal bar and sat.
“It’s safe. It won’t tip over.” How many times had he and Luke rocked the cart to try and frighten each other? She scooted close to him in the center of the seat, and he put his arm around her. She lay over on his chest, placing her hand lightly on his shoulder.
“You are très good.”
He squeezed her shoulder. The breeze floated by, whisking her hair into his face. Maybe he should ask her to go with him. Maybe.
“The ocean is calm now,” she said. “I can barely hear it from here.”
He tightened his hold. A few steps and they’d be in the sand; a few more and they’d be in the water where creatures lived. His heart thudded and he swallowed hard. One, two, three… He wasn’t any closer to the water than he was back at the bar. Four, five, six…
“I hear your heart beating.” She stroked his chest. “It sped up.”
“Yeah.” Seven, eight… He was safe here. No danger of the water coming up this far. Everything was okay. Nine… He loved the Ferris wheel. He loved seeing the water from afar. He used to. Now, the sea represented such agony and pain. And danger.
“I hope it’s because of me,” she said, lifting her head up and peering at him.
“What?”
“Your heart speeding up. I hope it’s because you’re happy to have me in your arms.”
“Mari…”
“Shh,” she said. “I know you don’t want to talk about the long term or tomorrow. But remember, you agreed to a day of living in the moment. And this moment feels good.” She laid her head back on his chest. “Relax.”
He grunted. What else could he do? She was right—it did feel good. Not good like a good beer, but great, like fine Scotch. No denying it, the longer he was around her, the more he wanted to be. At the risk of being near the water.
Damn it.
The ocean breeze breathed past him and chills shot up his arms. He kissed her on the forehead. “Now, what are we going to do in an empty and lifeless amusement park?”
“I have plans,” she said. “Be patient.”
She snuggled against him and rubbed. His chest, his shoulders, his neck—teasing out the knots and tightness in his muscles. She pulled her fingers lightly along the side of his arm for a moment then moved back to pressing and squeezing. Desire pooled deep, and he tried to hold it at bay. This was a massage, but her touch was magical. And he didn’t want her to stop.
She ran her hand down his abdomen and he shuddered at the soft touch. When she reached under his shirt to caress him, he eased his head back and closed his eyes. It had been so long—or at least, it seemed like it—since a woman had touched him as gently, with such care. Maybe it had been never.
“Mari…”
“Hmmm?” She traced her fingers over his abdomen and down to the waistband of his jeans, lingering at the button.
He scooted down in the seat to give her more access, setting the cart rocking and screeching again. A few drops of water from the structure over them rained down at the motion and she ducked her head, laughing.
She wiped her face. “That’s cold water.”
He stayed still, his head on the back of the seat and his eyes closed. Trying to savor the moment, like he’d told her he would. It wasn’t that difficult. She had a way of making him feel safe. When her fingertips brushed against his jaw, he jerked and opened his eyes.
She was inches from his face. “Wiping off the water drops.” She looked up at him and he reached for her.
****
Oh yes. This was what she wanted. Needed. She moaned and leaned into him. This time, his kiss was rough, strong, and needy. Different. He crushed his lips to hers and she tried to keep up with his tongue. She relaxed, going limp in his grip, and letting him guide her. His kiss was fueled by passion—she could feel his need rolling off him through waves of desire. And by the hardness in his pants.
She ran her hands down his chest and slipped a finger inside the waistband of his jeans. His stomach quivered and he broke the kiss and began kissing her cheeks, her chin, her neck. She tried to put her hand inside his pants, but it was almost impossible while sitting. She put her hand on his crotch and squeezed. He groaned and pushed her hand away.
“We can’t…”
“Why do you keep saying that?” She reached for him again. When she put her hand on him, he didn’t push her away and she rubbed and squeezed through his jeans. She had to have him skin to skin.
He closed his eyes. “That feels so good.”
“It’s supposed to. Let me make you feel better.” She leaned forward and pushed a kiss onto his jeans’ fly. His cock twitched through the fabric.
“This is not a good idea,” he whispered.
“I promise, it is.” She reached for the button on his jeans and tugged it open. He lay back as much as possible in the confines of the cart, and she bent her head and licked his belly button. She savored the way his breath came in short, quick gasps as he moved. 
She ran her tongue down the light trail of hair below his navel and he pushed up toward her, setting the cart creaking. Maybe he was right, and maybe they should have stayed at the bar. His bed would be a lot more accommodating for what she had planned.
His eyes lay partly open. She watched his chest rise and fall, and she clutched him again, enjoying the way his body responded to her touch. She blew against his abdomen, watching his muscles draw up in response. How many times had she dreamed about this moment? Too many to count, and yet not enough to satisfy. She needed him in her mouth—not in a dream, but here. Now. She tugged at his jeans.
He unzipped his pants and moisture pooled between her legs at the sight. Long and thick, he was perfect. She hadn’t gotten a good look at him in the dark bar. She ran a fingertip along his length.
“You still think this is a bad idea?” She smiled.
He shook his head.
“I didn’t think so.”
She bent and took the tip of his cock into her mouth and ran her tongue along the sensitive underside. He groaned. Feeling more confident in her movements, she stroked him as she licked and sucked, grasping him firmly. The cart swung with her rhythmic moves and Chase met her mouth with ever more persistent thrusts.
“Oh, God.” He shoved forward and her teeth slid along his length. “Oh…”
She doubled her timing, and he held her head as he pushed into her mouth. She wanted him all, every bit of him, in her mouth, and she moaned as she pulled him deeper. She’d fantasized about sucking him off many times, but it was never this good, this real.
He groaned as he came and she lapped him clean, licking every inch.
“Good,” she whispered.
He held his hand out to help her up and she looked into his eyes.
“Thank you.”
“Anytime.”
When she sat up to reposition herself, her blood ran cold. Standing not a hundred feet away, beside the giant slide, was Inna.


Chapter Eighteen
From the distance, Mari could see Inna’s scowl. This was bad. 
Shit. 
He crossed his arms, and when he spotted her staring, he motioned her over to him.
Commanded her.
As the remains of her desire fled, panic crawled inside her, the bitterness of fear swallowing her whole. She gulped, her heartbeat pounding in her ears. She stared at Inna, all thoughts gone and her mouth suddenly dry. She turned to Chase, realization of what Inna saw rushing in to her consciousness.
Chase’s face, flushed with arousal, firmed into a frown. He tugged his jeans up and zipped. “What the hell? Who is that?”
Mari’s lower lip trembled, and she rubbed her palms against her knees and looked back toward Inna. She was in trouble.
Big trouble.
Inna stood, unmoving. She reached to her throat, but words had dried on her tongue. Tears sprang to her eyes. This couldn’t be happening. Not now. Not when she was finally getting Chase to relax. Not when she thought things were finally getting better. Not when she’d finally pushed her betrothal out of her mind.
Mari looked from Chase to Inna, then back to Chase. What to do? What to say? The only way this situation could be worse was if Inna saw everything… Oh gods, how long had he been watching?
He’d kill them both.
“He’s been watching.” Had she spoken aloud, or was her mind screaming? She blinked away the tears and wiped away the trails on her cheeks. It felt like her frightened heart had expanded and she couldn’t breathe. 
Chase jerked upright. “He couldn’t have seen anything inside the cart. It’s okay. He didn’t see anything.”
The setting sun streamed across the park, casting long shadows of rides onto the empty beach like an invading army of giant insects. Inna’s thick shadow moved swiftly along the ground. One thing was for sure, he’d seen enough to be pissed.
He was headed directly for them.
Chase tugged at his shirt. “That could’ve been embarrassing.”
Mari gulped. If Chase’s fate wasn’t already determined, it was now. Inna was close enough that she could see his long braid swinging back and forth like an executioner’s ax. His fists curled into balls. “He’s coming,” she whispered. “Chase, he’s coming.”
“He must be one of the park guards. Or ride operator. He doesn’t look happy.”
“I don’t think he’s a guard. He isn’t wearing a uniform—or a shirt.”
“Maybe he’s homeless.” At least it appeared Inna had stolen pants. 
“Chase! We’ve got to get out of here.” Now, there was no chance of saving Chase from Inna’s anger—he had every mer-legal right to kill the man who’d seduced his betrothed. Her tail fought to surface, but she pushed the feeling down deep. Swimming away wouldn’t solve anything and it wouldn’t save Chase.
“Come on.” He grabbed the backpack and stood. “Let’s apologize. He’s probably mad we uncovered the ride. I’ll talk to him.”
She grabbed the side of the cart, and its smooth, cold metal yanked her awake from her hesitation. They needed to get away from Inna. Now. She pushed the cart open and hopped out. “He doesn’t look like he wants to talk.”
Inna stalked toward them. Mari’s stomach churned with the urge to change, and her legs shook, begging for release. He seemed to be picking up speed, like a movie stuck on fast-forward. She tugged at Chase, and he stumbled out of the cart. The metal screeched as it swayed. “Hurry!”
“It’ll be fine. I’ll talk to him.” He pulled the backpack on. “Explain. Though he does look pretty angry.”
“He looks crazy—half-dressed and spying on us. And angry.” When she stepped, the ground seemed to fall out from under her feet and she stumbled on air. Inna might kill Chase right in front of her like he’d threatened. And now, just as things were going well between her and Chase, she might lose him forever. Not to a farm in Kansas, but to her crazy-ass fiancé.
“You all right?” Chase put his arm around her, and she stiffened. He had no idea how much trouble they were in. Add the peep show to the grudge and revenge plot, and Inna would kill both of them without hesitation. She shivered as a cloud passed by the sun, cutting off the warmth for a moment. Gulls shrieked warnings in the distance.
“We need to get away from him now.” She pulled at him. “Who knows if he’s on drugs or something? Or maybe he’s a looter. What if he wants to hurt us?” She had to keep the two men apart. 
Had to.
Inna was going to ruin everything.
Chase watched Inna’s approach for a moment then turned to Mari. “Let’s leave—I don’t want any trouble.”
Inna jogged toward them and her throat tightened again.
She forced out the words. “Which way?”
“To the fun house on the other side of the swings. Maybe we can hide inside—if we can get there before he sees us. Come on…”
She nodded.
He grabbed her hand and half dragged her as he took off running. She tried to sprint, but her flip-flops tangled in her toes, pulling and pinching. “Ow. Slow down.”
She bent and adjusted her flip-flops and turned to look. Inna stood, watching them, arms crossed. Why wasn’t he following them? He wouldn’t forget what he saw, that was for sure. He’d get his revenge, and now he had fresh fuel for his anger. There’d be no stopping him.
She took a deep breath and jogged beside Chase. One last look back… Inna wove through the rides, following and watching, like a lone wolf on the prowl for its victim—staying far enough away but keeping an eye on them.
“He’s following us.”
Chase puffed, slowing to run alongside her. “We’ll ditch him in the fun house.”
Her feet ached as small pebbles flew up under her heels. Flip-flops were not running shoes. Her breath caught and she struggled to control the fear that clenched her chest. They sprinted by the swings, the swinging parts and seats stowed away for the storm, leaving tendrils of chain here and there to sway in the wind like a giant, metallic willow tree. The fun house lay beyond the next curve of the path.
She looked back again, and Chase slowed to turn and look too. Inna was there but didn’t seem to be closing in on them. What kind of game was he playing? He could have caught them by now if he’d wanted to.
Her breath came in short puffs. “He’ll find us.”
“We can outrun him—at least until we can hide. I’d say we should head to the bar, but I don’t want him following us there. I’d rather he not know where we live.”
He already does know. She winced. The bar wasn’t going to be safe, except that they could lock the door. “If we can get into the fun house—”
“We’ll try. Come on.” He pulled her along and they ran to the back side of the fun house ticket booth then stopped. He peered around the edge of the booth. “I don’t see him,” he said. “Maybe he isn’t following us anymore.”
She struggled to catch her breath. “The fun house is the only building we have a chance of getting into. I don’t want to hide in the restrooms.”
“Let’s go.”
The fun house, three stories high and as long as four tractor-trailer lengths, loomed over them, its garish facade brighter than any other ride, even without electricity. Reds and blues and bright yellows swirled and clashed along the walls. Chase ran to the door and yanked. It didn’t budge. He yanked again and the lock gave.
“Thank goodness.” She held her hand to her chest and struggled to breathe. “He’d catch us if I had to run any farther.”
He stumbled into the dim room and pulled her in after him.
“Hope he didn’t see us come in.” He pushed the door mostly closed and looked out into the park, a stripe of late-day sunlight highlighting his face. “This is messed up.”
She leaned against him, his body damp with sweat and warm. She pulled her hair back and held it up off her neck, trying to cool down. “Do you see him?” she whispered.
Chase smelled good, like excitement and a moonlit night. To swim with him would be a fantasy fulfilled. She shook her head. She needed to worry about reality now. Inna was out there, and he was intent on hurting them.
He peeked through the crack. “He turned the corner where the swings are.” He watched another minute. “Now, he’s headed this way. Shit. He must have figured out where we went.”
“Oh, no.”
“Shh.” He peered through the crack again.
“Are you sure he knows we’re in here?” She clutched him, feeling his muscles tense.
“Good guess. Where else would we hide?” He pulled her close. “It’ll be okay. We can handle him.”
“Shut the door.”
“He’ll see me if I move it. We need to be quiet and hope he leaves. Maybe he isn’t sure we’re here.”
“He won’t leave. He’ll come in and find us.” She tried to stop shaking, as a mix of fear, adrenaline, and exhaustion rushed through her.
“You don’t know that.” He took a big breath and blew it out. “Why are you afraid of this guy, anyway? You act like you know him.”
She stepped backward into the darkness of the small room and bumped against the wall. Would Chase understand? Should she tell him everything and take a chance he’d understand? This might be their last time together…her last chance to tell him the truth.
“I know you’re inside,” Inna called.
“He saw us…” Her voice came out an octave higher than normal. Inna knew where they were!
“Come on,” he whispered. “We’ll go through the house and out the other side. He won’t catch us. I know this fun house.” He grabbed her hand and led her into the next room, bumping her into the doorframe and scraping her arm.
“Ouch!” She rubbed at her arm.
“Sorry.”
Any other time, the situation would have been comical. She and Chase running through a dark fun house, bumping into things and giggling. But with Inna behind them, the situation wasn’t funny.
He led her into the next room and movement startled her. She jumped.
Her reflection.
At least fifty of her, all jumping when she did. Light poured in at the top of the room from windows placed to cause the most reflection on the funhouse mirrors. And she looked terrified in every shiny one.
The fun house door slammed, echoing throughout the building, and her heart strained, thumping.
Inna was inside.
Chase took off toward the door at the opposite end of the mirrored room, weaving through the rows of misshapen mirrors. She scampered after him, her flip-flops squeaking on the floor as she tried to run through the mirrored maze without tripping or falling or knocking over mirrors.
“Ditch the shoes,” Chase said. “We’ve got to get out of here. Not enough places to hide.”
She slipped her flip-flops off and dropped them to the floor, a cloud of sandy dust billowing in the shafts of slanted sunlight from the windows in the ceiling. He motioned her into the next room through a shortened doorway. She ducked and followed him into the small room with a tall ceiling. The smell of rust and mud lingered in the stale air. A rope ladder led from the floor to the third story of the building. She looked at Chase, aware that she probably had the look of death on her face.
“It’s the only way out,” he said. “Do it.” He started up the ropes, pulling himself along with little effort.
Easy for him to say. Mr. Navy Diver. All muscles and strength. She pulled herself up onto the first rungs of rope and started climbing, determined not to look down, or at Chase. Focus on the ropes and climbing. She panted, and her arms and thighs went numb at the exertion.
“You can do it.” He was already almost to the top. A loud bang behind her made her climb faster. Inna was in the mirrored room, and he’d be in the climbing area in moments, and then it wouldn’t take long for him to search the mirror maze. She looked down at the floor where sunlight from the skylights made squares of gold, like sandbars in the shallows. She was only about halfway to the top and her arms threatened to turn to jelly and let her fall.
The door opened and Inna charged into the room. “You aren’t getting away from me,” he called. “I’ll catch you both.”
“Hurry.” Chase motioned her up and reached for her hand.
She struggled, climbing one rung at a time, the scratchy rope cutting into her feet and rubbing her skin raw on her hands. Her breath strained and she felt dizzy. Would she make it?
“Tell him how crazy I am, Mari,” Inna boomed. Shivers streaked through her. “Tell him. I want to see his face when he finds out all about us.”
Inna would kill them and leave their bodies to rot in the fun house. After he told Chase the truth. Tears stung her eyes and she doubled her climbing effort.
Oh gods.
She dragged herself up, hand then hand then foot then foot. Up the ropes. She looked up. Chase was on the top platform, steadying his pack and reaching for her. A few more feet. She could do this. She would. Inna was not going to win.
“You know him, Mari?” Chase scowled. “What the hell?”
Now was not the time to have this discussion. She shook her head.
“Hurry. Climb. You can do it.”
She looked down. Inna was already on the ropes, scaling like a spider on a web. She had to get to the top. Pulling herself the last few feet, she reached for Chase, and he yanked her onto the platform. Inna was already halfway up, smiling as he climbed.
“Leave us alone,” Chase said. “We didn’t do anything to you.”
Inna laughed, the sound echoing in the climbing chamber like a tinny nightmare.
“Go, Chase.” Mari pushed him toward the final steps that led out of the room. “We’ve got a lead.” He stumbled, then righted himself, grabbing the wall. There was no door into the next room, but the floor was full of garish circles and platforms, some surrounded by lights.
The colorful platforms would be moving and spinning if the electricity were on. Thank goodness they weren’t. She was still wobbly from the climb and out of breath.
“You first,” he said. She hopped onto the first platform’s checkerboard top, then the next platform, its psychedelic swirls dizzying in the half light.
Chase jumped onto the platform behind her, but she kept going forward, leaping to the next circle and then the next. They had to get out of the fun house before Inna caught them.
“Mari,” Chase called.
She turned, and her heart dropped. Inna stood on the same platform as Chase, a large, green circle with purple dots. The men sized each other up, Inna crouching and sneering.
“You need to back off.” Chase held up his hands. “We didn’t do anything wrong. The Ferris wheel is fine. You can check it yourself. We didn’t break it.”
Inna growled.
Chase continued, “We shouldn’t have taken off the cover and sat on the ride. We’re sorry.”
Inna swung, his fist seeming to move in slow motion. Mari screamed. The sickening sound of flesh hitting flesh reverberated in the chamber. Then silence.
“Chase!” She froze. 
Oh my gods.
He held his face and bent down, then lunged toward Inna and onto another platform, but Inna met him, holding his shoulders in place. They looked like wrestlers, vying for position on a tiny pink-glittered podium.
“Watch out!” she called.
Inna looked over to Mari, and when he did, Chase decked him with an uppercut to the chin. Inna’s head snapped up. Then he reeled backward, almost falling off the platform. Chase jumped to the next circle, one painted bright orange with lime-green stripes.
Inna caught his balance, then followed with a grace too smooth for his large size. He moved inhumanly fast and was able to follow Chase with seemingly little effort.
“Get out of here, Mari,” Chase yelled.
“I’m not leaving you.” She tried to head back toward him, but her legs were glued in place. Her worst nightmares were coming true right before her eyes and there was nothing she could do to stop it from happening.
“Go! I can handle this!” He grabbed Inna’s braid and yanked. Letting out a yowl, Inna sank to his knees. With one hand, Chase pulled the backpack off and tossed it to the ground.
Inna groaned and tugged his hair free, then stood. “You can’t win. You’re foolish to try.”
She jumped to the last platform before the door, then stepped up to the landing. “Leave him alone.” Her foot slipped and she slid on the cold metal platform, catching herself before falling. “Leave him alone! It’s me you want, not him. He hasn’t done anything to you.” Tears streamed down her face and she scanned the platform for something to throw.
“Shut up, woman.” Inna turned to Chase. “Has she told you who she is? Who I am?”
“You’re crazy.” Chase ducked to the left.
“You won’t think so once you know the truth.”
Chase bent, arms out, ready to attack, and Inna squatted to retaliate. “What are you talking about?” Chase balled his fists. “What truth?”
Inna smiled and glanced at Mari. “Shall I tell him? Yes?” He faced Chase. “We’re engaged.”
“What? Who?” Chase scowled. He raised his fists.
“Mari and I are engaged to be married. Soon. Didn’t she tell you?”
“You are crazy.”
“Don’t believe me?” Inna quirked an eyebrow. “Ask her.”
Chase dropped his arms and turned to Mari. His look, wide and questioning, tore through her. She knew he saw the truth. She’d hurt him. “Chase—”
“It’s true, isn’t it?” His shoulders slumped and he ran his hands through his spiky hair.
Inna smiled then made a fist.
“Watch out!”
Inna punched Chase hard in the face and Chase doubled over, holding his nose, blood streaming down his hand.
Inna turned to Mari. “You had to make this dramatic,” he said. “You shouldn’t have run. But it doesn’t matter now. I’ll finish him here and this little diversion will be over.”
Sobs poured out of her and her head spun. Chase. Inna was going to kill him. She clutched her stomach. Well, he’d have to kill her too. Right now. No threats of violence in the future—this ended now. No more dealing with Inna. She started down to the platform. She’d protect Chase as long as she could.
They’d die together.
As she stepped onto the first circle, it dipped from under her. Lights lit up the room and sickly carnival music blasted from unseen speakers. The platforms in the room moved, rotating, bouncing, vibrating, and she held her arms out to balance. Inna stumbled backward and fell off the platform onto the floor below.
“Chase, run!” Mari called. 
She clambered back up to the landing, hanging on to the railing. The whole room pitched and swerved, and the calliope music, punctuated with recorded laughter and static, warbled on.
Chase steadied himself on the moving platform and moved to the next. Blood ran from his cheek, and he swiped and smeared it across his face. “Help me.” He reached to her and grabbed her hand. “Let’s get out of here.”
Inna groaned and tried to pull himself onto the spinning circle but held his head and kept his eyes closed.
She held on to Chase. “He’s trying to get up.”
Chase pulled himself onto the platform and let go of her hand. He staggered toward the door. A loud crash echoed through the building and the power snapped off again.
“What happened?” Blood pounded in her ears.
“Probably a surge when the power came on. Blew a transformer,” Chase said. Blood dripped onto his shirt. “We’ve got to get out of here. Now. Get back to the bar. I can protect us there.”
A loud groan sounded from the far end of the room. Inna had pulled himself partway up, blood dripping from his nose, his head over the platform where he’d fallen. It couldn’t have been a long fall—maybe a few feet—and there were mats on the floor to protect those who fell off. Why was he moving slowly?
“Now, Mari. Unless you want to stay here with your fiancé.”
She pushed through the doorway. “Let’s go.”
The tiny room they entered held a large twin slide that exited through an opaque purple and yellow tunnel. She looked to Chase. He wiped his nose.
“Right behind you,” he said.
She jumped onto the slide and leaned back. She rocketed through the tube then flew out into the warm sunlight and smacked into the plastic landing cushions. The ride would have been fun if she weren’t running for her life. She’d stood and moved out of the way when Chase sailed out, landing with a flop.
In silence, they wended through the last bit of an outdoor walled maze to the fun house exit. As soon as they were out in the open, she took a deep breath. “I’m never going in a fun house again.”
“Let’s get back to the bar before that madman comes out after us.”
“Yeah.”
“And I can’t wait to hear your explanation for all this.”


Chapter Nineteen
Chase held the makeshift icepack to his face. Although the bar had been without electricity for almost a day, the commercial bar freezer still held ice. He’d wrapped some in a washcloth and it eased the stinging a bit. 
He leaned back on the couch and tried to sort things out. The day had turned out completely different than he ever could have imagined. The man at the amusement park said he and Mari were engaged. How was that possible? She was terrified of him. Or so it seemed. 
He groaned as the cold sank into his bruised skin. They seemed to know each other, that was for sure. But her fiancé? Was that possible? Did the guy know where Mari’s shop was? If he knew her as well as he said, then he must. 
Chase glanced at the door. Locked.
“Are you sure you’re okay?” she asked. “That looks painful.”
He peeked with one eye. She’d changed clothes again—into a simple white sundress. Her pale, wet hair hung in long waves. “I’m fine.” He groaned and closed his eye again. A cool drip of water leaked from the ice pack down his face, and he swiped it away with his thumb.
“Thanks for the shower,” she said. “The water was barely warm, but it felt good to get clean. I hope the electricity comes back on soon. And stays on.”
The couch across from him squeaked as she plopped down on it.
“You’re welcome.” What else could he say? Why are you showering in my bathroom when you are engaged to someone else? “I need a shower myself. Any warm water left?” And why did he care if she was engaged? Wouldn’t that make leaving much easier for him?
“A little.”
“Thank goodness for a gas water heater.” He stood, dabbing his eye with the ice pack. “I’m going to go take one. My head is pounding.”
“Take some aspirin?”
“Yeah, maybe.”
“I left the candle on the vanity, and there’s a lighter beside it.”
“Be back when I’m clean.” He dabbed at the leaking ice pack again. “Don’t open the door for anyone. And let me know if anyone knocks.”
“Okay.”
“I’ll be quick. The door is locked and with no power and it being dark outside, I don’t think anyone would be able to easily get here, much less bang on the door.”
“I hope you’re right.” She clutched a fold of her sundress. “Mind if I fix dinner?”
“Suit yourself. Plenty of stuff in the kitchen. Crackers, bread…” He sauntered off down the hall, not waiting for her reply. 
He pushed into his bedroom, navigating the dark space with ease. He’d miss his room, with its quaint coziness.
He set the ice pack in the sink and felt around for the lighter and lit the candle. The Chase that stared back from the mirror looked like he’d been in a prizefight. And lost. In the candlelight, his left eye was a bit swollen, and the cut on his cheek looked angry and red. He dabbed at it with a tissue.
What the hell had that punk meant, engaged? How was that possible? He pulled out his razor and cream. Things didn’t add up. The man clearly knew Mari, and she was clearly afraid of him. The mentholated cream soothed his skin as he rubbed, though he was careful not to lather near the cut.
He ran the razor under the stream of water then tapped it vigorously on the sink. Something was going on, and Mari was going to tell him everything. 
Not that it really mattered, did it? He shaved quickly, running his fingers over his face to feel for missed spots. Hopefully, phone service and electricity would be restored to the island soon and he could get the hell away.
He rinsed his razor and put things back into place, fumbling in the barely lit room. After examining his swollen eye as closely as he could in the dim candlelight, he turned on the shower.
Too complicated. The memory of her wet mouth around him on the Ferris wheel made him harden again. Her eyes peering up at him as she sucked… He wanted her. No denying it, he wanted her under him as he pushed into her. Again. He didn’t think he could ever get enough of her.
Having her felt perfect and right. But it couldn’t be. 
He’d hurt her. Leave her. He stepped into the shower, letting the barely warm water pummel the strains of desire away. He’d told her things he hadn’t opened up about to anyone. Memories of Luke, memories of diving, memories of warm summers in the sand. He soaped up. Now, turned out she might be engaged. What game was she playing? Whatever is was, he’d totally fallen for it.
“Damn it.” He slapped his hand against the wet tiles. What had he been thinking? He’d opened himself up, and now things dissolved around him. No different from before. He closed his eyes, ignoring the stinging of the water on his battered face, and wept. 
Sobs wracked his body and he leaned against the wall, disappearing into his sorrow. It was his fault—he’d let his guard down and now he’d pay the price. He’d lost Luke, and he’d lost Mari—though he’d never claimed her as his.
He’d fucked up again.
The water turned cool, then cold, and his tears cleared. He’d find out the truth and deal with it. It would be okay. It wasn’t like he wanted to marry her, right? Maybe it would be best if she were engaged. Easier to leave her, right? But she hadn’t acted engaged. In fact, she’d been the opposite. 
He rinsed and turned the water off, counting the drops that fell from the tap after the water stopped running. Seven. That was good luck. He needed it.
Shivering, he reached for his towel and dabbed at his face, wiping away the moisture and rubbing his eyes. She had to have an explanation for this mess. He hadn’t been wrong about her, it was obvious she was a good person. She wouldn’t sleep with him if she were engaged to someone else. She wasn’t that kind of person.
Not a chance.
He toweled his hair, then dried himself off. By the dim candlelight, he slipped into a white T-shirt and jeans. If only the electricity would come back on and stay on. The teaser at the amusement park had been enough to make him realize the old saying was true: You don’t know what you’ve got till it’s gone. His face throbbed and stung, but he felt much better after the shower. He could face her now, find out exactly what the man meant by “engaged.”
He made his way down the hall, following the trail of light snaking down the floor toward the bar. He stopped in his tracks. The bar was covered with lit candles and Mari was whistling some unknown song and twirling around. Dancing. He tracked the curves of her body as she swayed in the warm candlelight. His body warmed, longing to pull her to him, onto him. His groin heated and desire pooled low in his belly.
Her eyes were closed, and she twirled, not once, but three times, before she opened them. The whistling stopped like someone put a cork in the bottle.
“Um.” Her face darkened, visible in the candlelight.
“Hi.” He ran his hand through his hair.
“Hi.”
“Thanks for the show.”
She couldn’t be lying about that freak in the park. She was happiness and sweetness personified.
“Um, you’re welcome?” She covered her face with her hands.
“Anyone come knocking?”
She shook her head. “Not a peep.”
He let out a breath. “Dinner?”
She uncovered her face and motioned to the bar where two plates and two bottles of beer sat. “Peanut butter sandwiches.” She held up a plate. “And chips. That okay?”
Chase’s stomach growled. How long had it been since they last ate? Breakfast? “Looks great.” He moved to sit at the bar, and she settled in beside him. It wouldn’t take long to devour the meal. Then they could talk.
“Hope bottled beer is okay. It’s still chilled, and the tap isn’t working.”
He mumbled with a mouthful of sandwich, “Tap needs electricity.”
“Oh, okay.” She took a sip of her beer.
They ate in silence for a few minutes, and then she shifted on her seat and turned to him. “Tell me about that picture.” She pointed to the oil painting above the bar. “Do you know who that is?”
His stomach knotted. He didn’t want to talk about the portrait of his ancestor. Not now. He tipped up his beer and drank a gulp before answering. “I think we have more important things to talk about. I’ll tell you about the painting later.”
She stared at him; eyes wide. Oh, yes, she knew what he was talking about. The picture was a total diversion. The candles flickered in a sudden draft.
“Who was that man in the amusement park? And don’t say you don’t know because he obviously knew you.” He popped a chip in his mouth. “Who is he and what is he to you?”
She squirmed then looked down at her hands, examining them. “He’s crazy.”
“Yeah, it sure appears so.” He swiveled on the stool to face her. “But? He knew you by name.”
“Yeah. His name is Inna.”
“Hmm. That’s an odd name. How do you know him?” He wiped his mouth on his napkin.
“Our families are friends.” She sighed. “I’ve known him a long time. Since we were children.”
He swallowed down a barrage of accusatory questions and paused for a moment before replying. “I’ve never seen him around. Does he live on the island?”
She shook her head. “He lives pretty close, but not here on the island.”
“I see.” He stared at her, trying to interpret her emotion. She met his gaze. “Has he always been crazy?”
“No, not that I remember. But we were never close.”
“Well, why was he hell-bent on catching us?”
“I don’t know why he acted violently. Not exactly, anyway.” She fidgeted. “I don’t like to be around him. He scares me.”
He put his hand on her knee and she looked up and met his gaze. “Why did he say you were engaged?” he asked gently. “That can’t be true. Not after…” He couldn’t say it.
Her lower lip trembled, and she looked away. The candles on the bar flickered again in the small breeze that got in around the window repair, sending erratic shadows across her face. She looked like a cornered tigress.
“Look at me, Mari,” he said, squeezing her knee. She turned to him, and the candlelight caught the sparkle of unfallen tears in her eyes. “What is it? You can tell me. Are you engaged, or not?”
She wiped her eyes. “It’s complicated, Chase. I don’t know where to begin.”
He shook his head at the unexpected response and ice shot through his veins straight to his heart. He’d wanted her to say that this Inna was a fucking nutjob and was saying things to upset her. But she didn’t say that. She said it was complicated. That meant there was an “it.” He pulled his hand away. “Tell me,” he said. “I deserve to know the truth.”
She took a big gulp of air and looked into his eyes. “Mine and Inna’s family arranged our marriage when we were children.”
“You’re married?”
“No, not yet. But we are supposed to get married.”
Not yet. His heart thundered and bile filled his throat. “When?”
She looked at him with the most forlorn look he’d ever seen. “In the spring. But I can’t go through with it. I’m not marrying him.”
“Why not?”
“I don’t love him.” She shrugged. “He’s mean and violent. And crazy. Aren’t those reasons enough?”
“Yes of course. You can’t marry someone like that.”
“My mother is going to be angry with me, and he may kill me.” She pushed her hair back.
“Kill you? That’s a bit dramatic.” He leaned forward and wiped away her tears. She closed her eyes as he touched her cheek, and it took all his reserve to not pull her into his arms.
“You saw him,” she whispered. “He’s violent. And it’s not culturally acceptable to back out of an arranged marriage.” She looked at him again, her eyes wide and mouth set in a tight line, probably trying to figure out how he was taking all this news.
“I didn’t know people still arranged marriages. This is the United States, we don’t force people to do things they don’t want.”
She half smiled. “You’d be surprised. Lots of cultures still hold on to their native traditions. It isn’t as uncommon as you think. And arranged marriages aren’t always a bad thing. They serve a purpose. And sometimes they work out fine.”
“I suppose. But you think he’d kill you because you won’t marry him?”
“Yes, I think he’d try. But it’s a chance I’m willing to take—I won’t marry him and spend my life in misery.”
“Is that why he was upset today? Does he know you aren’t planning to marry him?”
“I’ve told him, but he doesn’t believe me. He thinks he can bully me into marriage. Force me.”
“But would he physically hurt you?” He leaned forward. “Really?”
“Oh, yes, if he doesn’t get what he wants.” She began to sob gently, covering her face with her hands. She turned away.
He didn’t know what to say. He opened his mouth, but no words came out. How was it possible that she could talk so mundanely about being killed? Like it was an everyday occurrence? He couldn’t let Inna hurt her—every protective instinct he had reared up and roared at the thought.
And what was he supposed to do with a crying woman? He’d never been good at handling emotional outbursts. He scooted back on the barstool. Since when had his feelings for her jumped ahead of his need for self-preservation? He shook his head and listened to her soft sobs.
“I’m not going to let him hurt you,” he said. “Come with me to Kansas. We’ll go where he can’t find us, and you’ll be safe.” His head reeled like he’d jumped from a hundred-foot cliff. What had he asked her? Did he mean it?
She must’ve felt the same way, because her face was pulled in shock, her teary eyes wide and blue.
“I can’t.” She wiped the last tears from her cheeks. “The ocean is my home. I can’t leave.”
He nodded, his heart thumping. “Okay, I understand that, but it isn’t safe here. I’ve been thinking about it, and I want you to come with me. I can protect you then.”
“I’m sorry. I should’ve told you about Inna, but I didn’t expect to see him here on the island—not after the storm, and certainly not while I was with you. I won’t marry him, no matter what happens. But I can’t move away from my home. I’ll have to deal with him here.”
“I’m glad you aren’t marrying him.” What the hell was he going to do now? She wouldn’t leave and he had to leave. Yet, if she stayed alone, that punk might hurt her.
“And now you have a black eye because I didn’t say anything. I should have told you.”
“The injury isn’t your fault. The anger in his eyes… I haven’t seen that kind of rage since…” Bubbles, the oily taste of fear and death, and never-ending dark water. “I don’t blame you for running from him.” He scratched at the tentacle tattoo.
“He’s always angry.”
“Come here.” He held out his arms. “It’s over now. He’s gone.”
“For now.” She hopped off her seat and moved to him. Still sitting on the barstool, he opened his legs and pulled her in tight to his body, wrapping his arms around her and stroking her back. She leaned into him, and he held her tighter. Her soft body quivered in his embrace and her breath came in short bursts.
“I’m sorry.” She buried her face against his chest. “I should’ve told you, and none of this would’ve happened…”
“It’s okay. Shhh. He’s gone now. You’re safe here with me.”
She hugged him then pulled back. “Thank you.”
With his thumb, he wiped away a rogue teardrop wending down her cheek. “No worries. I’ll figure out how to deal with him. Trust me.” His forearm flexed involuntarily, setting the tentacle tattoo in motion. Tension eased into his muscles as she laid her head back onto his chest and pushed closer to him. He breathed her in, and his shoulders loosened.
For her, he’d do about anything.


Chapter Twenty
Mari sighed and closed her eyes, savoring the heat radiating from Chase’s body. Her tail thrummed in happiness inside her. She could stay like this forever, swimming in his masculinity and strength. His heart thumped against her cheek, and she pushed closer to hear every beat. Thank goodness he understood about the arranged marriage and Inna’s reaction. He didn’t yell, didn’t get angry. Such a difference from Inna.
He’d asked her to move with him. What did that mean? Did he have feelings for her or was he trying to protect her?
She ought to tell him the whole story, and that Inna was after him too—but she was tired and emotionally drained. And he’d never believe she was a mermaid, even if she did tell him. Who would? She absently stroked his chest muscles through his T-shirt, feeling them flex and release under her touch. She brushed her fingertips across his nipple, and he shivered.
“Mari?” he whispered, pulling back and looking down at her. His bruised face, pale in the candlelight, looked like someone had taken a purple crayon and colored his cheek, or dusted him with purple chalk. She lifted her fingers to examine the injury but resisted touching. The mark didn’t mar his good looks. If anything, he appeared more rugged and strong.
“What is it?”
“You don’t have to worry,” he whispered. “I promise I won’t let anything happen to you.” 
He stroked her hair, and she closed her eyes and laid her head back on his chest. She hadn’t felt safe and secure in a long time, and her breathing slowed as she relaxed. Hopefully, her mother would understand the decision not to marry Inna. If not, she’d have to learn to accept it. Inna was insane and violent, and it shouldn’t be too difficult to prove. 
She yawned. The whole wedding plan felt like a distant dream, a nightmare that lay far away on the borders of her memory. She had Chase now. He might not be her boyfriend, but he showed her what it was like to feel safe. And right now, safe felt like more than enough.
“You finished eating?” He pushed her hair away from her face.
“Yeah.”
“Let’s move over to the couch where it’s more comfortable. You seem pretty tired.”
She sat up, blinking, immediately missing his warmth. “Yeah, I’m exhausted. Aren’t you?”
“Yep. I haven’t been this tired in—I don’t remember. It’s been a rough twenty-four hours. Hurricanes and ex-fiancés and all.”
“Yeah. Better grab a candle or two.”
He stood and stretched, then carried two lit candles over to the table between the couches. She followed, setting her pillar candle between his. The candle was the only scented one that was lit, and vanilla wafted through the bar, warm and heavy. She flopped onto the couch and pulled up the blanket he’d gotten for her during the storm. Drowsiness overcame her and her tail buzzed with exhaustion. 
It had been a long day and even longer night during the storm, and she ached to succumb to the warm dizziness that accompanied such total exhaustion. She yawned, barely covering her mouth with her hand. “Sorry.”
“Need a nap?” He sat at her feet. He patted her knees, and she drew them up to give him a little more room on the couch.
“Probably shouldn’t have had that beer. Made me sleepier.”
“Close your eyes and take a nap. I’m not going anywhere. I’ll watch out for monsters.”
“I’m tempted.” She yawned again and stretched her arms over the couch side.
“Relax and listen,” he said. “I’ll tell you about that oil portrait hanging over the bar. The one you asked about. Although I think it’s interesting, the story will probably put you right to sleep.”
She peered at him through her lashes, then closed her eyes and tucked her arms under the blanket. “Okay,” she said. “Tell me all about it. Do you know him?” She yawned. “The man in the painting.”
“Well, I don’t know him personally.” He stroked her foot with his thumb. She let out a small groan as tingles spread up her legs. “He’s been dead a long time.”
“Oh,” she said, trying to conceal a grin that threatened to spread across her face. “Guess you wouldn’t know him. Unless he’s a ghost.”
“No, not a ghost. Not that I know of, anyway. But I do know who he is. Or who he was.” He massaged her foot, pushing his knuckle into her arch. She yanked her foot away.
“Ow, that hurt!” She peeked to see what he was doing, and he held his hands up and wiggled his fingers. She put her foot back onto the couch and closed her eyes again. “Tell me.”
“His name is Christopher, and he’s my great-great-something-grandfather.” He shifted, and the couch creaked under his weight. “He was a pirate. Or a privateer, more accurately, as the British called him. Makes pirates sound more distinguished, somehow, to call them privateers. There really wasn’t much difference, except that privateers worked officially for the British. But I like to think of him as a pirate.”
She pulled the blanket to her chin, her pulse pounding in her neck. His ancestor was a privateer. Like Inna said. Had Inna been telling the truth about Amelia? She shivered. “A pirate?”
“Yeah, not the Jack Sparrow type with rum and a beard, but an honest-to-goodness privateer, working for the English. Risking his life to sail the seas and plunder other ships.”
“An honest pirate? Oxymoron.”
He laughed and put his feet up on the coffee table, sending the candles flames into rapid flickering. “Now you are an expert on pirates? And how many pirates have you met?”
“Enough.” If he only knew.
“Well, according to family stories, Christopher was a good guy. Except for the looting part. He wasn’t a brutal pirate like Blackbeard. He helped people.”
“What else do you know about him?” She tried to sound casual, but her voice cracked. Her tail beat a rhythm inside her, slapping nervously at what she might learn.
“Not a lot. At one point, he sailed on the ship Charming Betty. He wasn’t on it for long, though. Then he had his own ship for a while. He was a captain.”
“Did he get killed in battle? Or while boarding a ship? Made to walk the plank in a mutiny?”
“No. He was lost at sea. At least that is the story that was passed down. We don’t know what happened.” He rubbed his chin. “He could have walked over the side of the ship in his sleep. Or he could have been tossed over by his crew. Not many records of those times. Mutiny, murder, scurvy and other diseases, abscessed tooth… Who knows what happened?”
Her eyes widened. Old-time pirates scared her. Maybe it was the word pirate, since today’s lot were as likely to maim and kill in their quest for wealth and power. Jack Sparrow, indeed. Yeah, she’d seen the movies, but the stories she heard about pirates didn’t match up with the Hollywood depictions.
“Anyway, the portrait has been handed down through the family. Not sure when he commissioned it to be painted, or if family did, but probably when he was wealthy, and before he was dead. Or soon after his death. I thought it was a great addition to the bar’s theme. Family and pirate and all.”
She yawned. “Well, surely he had it painted before he died.”
“I’d assume so.”
“What about your great-something-grandmother? Wonder why he didn’t have his portrait painted with her?” She hoped the question didn’t spur a cautious streak in him. She had to know. Was Christopher the pirate who killed Inna’s great-great-something-grandmother? And more importantly, did Chase know about it? The scent of vanilla from the candle wafted around her and she eased. She was asking questions. He wouldn’t suspect anything—there was no reason for him to.
“Yeah. My great-something-grandmother’s name was Amelia. She and Christopher were supposedly so much in love that they sacrificed about everything to be together. Then they were separated—possibly forever—to save her life. Their love story is one for a romance novel. Except there isn’t much of a happy ending that we know of.”
“Oh?” Abduction, rape, and murder didn’t sound like components of a romance novel she wanted to read. She scooted up into a straighter position and crossed her legs, facing him. “What happened?”
“I thought you were resting. I’m supposed to be putting you to sleep with my droning.”
He had no idea how interesting his story was becoming. She wanted the truth, no matter how difficult it was to hear. She had to know.
He rubbed his arms and scratched at the tentacle tattoo. “Remember, this is a story. And it’s pretty far-fetched. Don’t make fun of the storyteller.”
“Okay, well, don’t keep me in suspense, tell me the rest.” As far-fetched as the story the merfolk told? Probably not. But maybe as interesting—and possibly enlightening. Could Inna be telling the truth about Amelia? Or was the whole incident some giant misunderstanding?
“Supposedly,” he said, “my ancestor Amelia was a mermaid.” He pulled his feet off the table. “And, while you process that information, I need another beer. Want one?”
A mermaid! Mari’s tail twitched in excitement. “No more beer, thank you.” Her heart sped. Did he believe in mermaids? He’d said “mermaid” somewhat matter-of-factly. Sort of. Could the folktale she’d heard growing up be true? 
Images of pirate Chase and his billowy white shirt drifted into her mind. He dove into the water, laughing, and she splashed him with her tail before pulling him into a kiss in the warm Caribbean sunshine…
“Well, don’t rush to chime in. I can tell you don’t believe me. It’s okay.” He stood. “And I don’t blame you. I don’t believe it either, but it’s an interesting story.” He shrugged. “I’ll be right back—let me grab my beer.”
She watched him move toward the bar in the darkened room, his shadowed form strong and certain. How could a man so sure of himself on land fear water so much? A man who told her that his great-great-something-grandmother was a mermaid, no less. It didn’t add up, though he’d lost Luke to the ocean.
He bent over, disappearing behind the bar, and opened the squeaky bar fridge. He brought a beer up, clinking it against the bar top. In the glow of the candlelight, he smiled at her, raising the beer in a mock toast. “Are you regretting that you asked about the painting now?” He popped the beer top on the bar opener and walked toward her. “I guess you think I’m crazy now. Afraid of water. Talking of mermaids and pirates who are relatives.”
She shook her head slowly, and it spun more. Could the tale she had heard all her life be real? And could the man she loved be a descendant of merpeople? Her own people?
Yes, she loved him. More than she’d realized. And now it was more important than ever to get him to stay on the island.
The possibilities swam through her head, and she blinked hard to clear her mind and settle her tail. Things had gone down the rabbit hole, or under the deep blue sea, for sure. She leaned on her forearms and steadied her breathing. If he were part merman, everything would change.
“You still with me?” He sat on the couch opposite her, beer in hand. “What are you thinking about? I know it all sounds far-fetched, but you look completely shell-shocked.” He took a swig of his beer.
She stared, taking in his choppy hair, and his soft yet rugged face. Descended from mermaids? It couldn’t be. Her mind flooded with the implications. “Nothing…” she stuttered, her face warming at the lie. It couldn’t be. She couldn’t dare to dream it.
He smiled. “It’s okay. I don’t expect you to believe me. Like I said, I’m not sure I believe it myself.” He drank a sip of his beer, then set the bottle on his knee and held it with his fingertips.
She watched the motion, her head fuzzy and full of questions she was unable to voice. “It isn’t that I don’t believe it.” Dare she tell him? What a relief it would be for him to know all about her.
“Then what is it?” He took another sip of beer then set it on the table and wiped his hands on his jeans. “You’ve gone quiet, and you’re not normally quiet. You zipped up right after I told you about the mermaid.”
“Well…about the mermaid.”
“Oh, I forgot the most interesting part of the story,” he interrupted. “I have proof Amelia was a mermaid. Well, at least what’s been passed down as truth. You can judge for yourself.”
“What proof could you possibly have that your great-great-something-grandmother was a mermaid?” She ran her fingers through her hair, tugging at the tangles near the ends. What proof, indeed?
“There’s a necklace,” he said. “An old necklace. With a gorgeous pearl set in elaborate filigree.”
“Okay.”
“It was supposedly Amelia’s necklace. A piece of mermaid jewelry.”
Her tail fluttered. Mermaid jewelry. This could truly be proof. “Where is it?”
“I’ll go get it. I keep it locked up in my room where it stays safe. It’s likely worth a lot of money—being old and gold and stuff.” He stood.
“I’d love to see it.”
“I’ll get it…” He picked up his beer and a candle and sauntered off to his bedroom. The candle cast long, squiggly shadows down the hall, like seaweed waving in the dim water.
Dare she hope? The necklace would clinch the story—if it were real. She should be able to tell if it was genuine. The craftsmanship would be perfect, and the piece would feel right. Balanced. Weighted. And something more. Her starfish tattoo itched, and she ran a fingernail over it.
She stood and paced. Her legs ached from the long day, but her mind reeled. He could be descended from merpeople. He could be related to Inna and Inna wouldn’t hurt his own family. This could be the key to saving Chase. Everything would be different when Inna found out the truth—and Chase would want to stay near the ocean to learn about merpeople. Things couldn’t have lined up more perfectly if she’d planned them out herself.
“Here it is.” He strode back into the bar with a green velvet box and the candle. He’d ditched his beer. He set the candle on the table in front of them.
He handed her the box and she backed to the couch and sat, her gaze not leaving the precious cargo. Pressure built in her ears, like she was diving deep. If the necklace was real, things would change—for the good. She took a deep breath and looked up to him. He stood over her, half smiling. “Can I open it?”
“That’s why I handed it to you.”
Moment of truth and all that. She held a deep breath. Her hand trembled as she opened the hinged box, and she blew out the breath in a long, slow whistle. As the lid lifted, a large teardrop-shaped pearl came into focus. Set in filigree and hand-hammered gold, the pearl bent rainbows over its imperfect shape.
She sucked in a breath. “It’s beautiful.” The tiny wire filigree swirled and looped on itself in an intricacy of metalwork and craftsmanship.
“Yes, it is. I thought about selling it to help buy the bar but decided that I’d better hang on to it, since I inherited it as the eldest. I always thought I’d give it to my wife…but now I doubt I’ll ever marry.” Scowling, he leaned back onto the couch and propped his feet onto the table again. “Go ahead, take it out of the box. You can’t appreciate it until you are holding it.”
She looked at him, then back at the pearl necklace, her breathing catching in her throat like a wad of sea sponge. She scooped the necklace up in her hand and a warm tingle of electricity rushed through her. Her vision swirled with purples and greens, wavering and flashing like waves broken by sunlight, then settling back to normal. Her palms broke into a sticky sweat.
The necklace was real: a merpeople artifact, and of mer-origin.
The pearl, heavy in her hand, throbbed with energy and life. She closed her hand over the pendant and took a long, slow breath as hints of ocean washed over her consciousness. Merpeople treasure. Worth more than some dandy’s fleeting admiration. Any pirate worth his salt would kill for the chance to add the necklace to his booty. Had Christopher killed Amelia to get it? Or were they in love?
“Wanna try it on?”
Her breath hitched. She sure did want to try it on. “Yes.” She held the necklace out to him. “Please help me with the clasp.” The necklace shook in her grasp and her tail fought to transform. She steadied herself. No reason to be nervous. He didn’t know.
He looped the necklace around her neck. “Hold up your hair.”
She lifted her hair off her neck and bent forward so he could clasp the necklace. He leaned in close, his warm breath sliding across her neck, raising the tiny hairs that lay there. When he kissed her collarbone, she released her hair as tiny shocks spread from where his lips met her bare skin.
“Please.” She closed her eyes. The cool metal of the necklace dropped against her warm neck, and he pushed her hair back and planted the softest kiss on her shoulder. She shivered and leaned back for more.
“Don’t you want to hear the end of the story?” he whispered, his breath caressing her skin again, like a warm wave lapping onto the shore.
She opened her eyes and blinked at him. “Now?” Her heart raced—she wasn’t sure if it was from his kisses or the realization that the truth about Amelia was close to being revealed.
“Yes, now.” He sat back. “Besides, the story gets more interesting. You won’t believe it even if you happen to believe what I’ve told you up to now.”
“More interesting than mermaids and pirates and expensive jewelry?”
“Much more. And the little necklace you are wearing plays a role.”
“It’s gorgeous.” She fingered the pearl pendant, twisting it slowly. “But how do you know it belonged to a mermaid?”
He blew gently at one of the candles, setting the flame flickering and dancing. Shadows played up his face like long fingers, undulating across his tanned skin. “As the story goes,” he began, “Christopher and Amelia met during a terrible storm.”
“Naturally.” That was usually how it happened. Mermaids were often spotted during a storm—that is when sailors needed them, and when they helped humans most.
He scowled. “If you’re going to make fun, then I’m not going to continue.” He crossed his arms over his chest.
“Oh, stop pouting. I’m not making fun. I thought that was how sailors and mermaids always met. During a storm. Right? Remember the Disney movie?” She pushed her hair back and let the necklace drop onto her bare skin under the sundress neckline.
“I suppose. But this isn’t Disney. Things weren’t happily-ever-after.”
“What happened?”
“Apparently it was love at first sight for them. Amelia peeked through the waves, wearing only the necklace you have on now. Christopher thought he was seeing things. Who would swim in the ocean during a storm, especially a naked and gorgeous woman? 
But the mermaid, and that’s what she was, saved the ship. Christopher wrote about it later in his diary. It sounds like he was describing some sort of force field though he didn’t use that terminology. She projected some kind of net over the whole ship. He said it wavered in the stormy air like a shiny mirror.”
Oh, yes. Many mermaids had shielding capability. Not all could shield an entire ship that size, though. She nodded for him to continue.
“Inside the net, the waters calmed, and the winds ceased. Amelia swam into the still waters, and when she saw Christopher, she lifted her arms like she wanted to board the ship. Against his mates’ recommendations, he threw the rope ladder over the side and she came aboard. She didn’t have a tail, but feet.” He shook his head. “But she was a mermaid.”
She definitely was. “How do you know so many details?” She leaned closer.
“Christopher’s personal diary has been passed down through the family. It’s all in there.”
“Wow, you are lucky to have a family record from that far back. Did the crew accept Amelia? Was she safe on the ship? Pirate ships wouldn’t have been a good place for women, I’d imagine.”
“Oh yes, once Amelia and Christopher met, they were inseparable. He took care of her and his mates wouldn’t have dared to mutiny. He had a good crew.”
That wasn’t what Inna said.
“At least in the beginning, they were inseparable.” He shifted. “Before things got bad. Before they were hunted.”
“What happened?” Did he know what had become of Amelia? To hear from the pirate’s descendant and get the answer to a story that had grown into folklore, would be amazing. If she’d been in the sea, Mari would have flipped up her tailfin with joy.
“He loved her so much,” he continued, “that he had to let her go, or risk them both being murdered.”
“Murdered?” Not the story she’d heard. “By whom? And why?” Things were not making sense.
“By the merpeople. Apparently, they weren’t happy about one of their queens living on a ship with a privateer. Did you know that merpeople supposedly have lots of tribes under the ocean?”
She stifled a giggle. “I’d imagine it’s no different than on-land kingdoms and countries and tribes.” It wasn’t any different. Except that the land was underwater. Politics were the same wherever there were kingdoms and countries.
“I guess. But anyway, Amelia’s country sent a team to murder her and her human lover.”
“Maybe they thought she was kidnapped. Maybe they were only after Christopher.” She tugged at the sundress, wrapping it around her legs. The dark corners of the bar loomed, and she could imagine Inna hiding and waiting to strike, like the hunters that had chased Christopher. Everything he was saying made sense. Could it all be true? Had her people’s folklore been based on lies? She rubbed her face and shivered at the implications.
“Cold?” He pulled the blanket over her and patted her on the leg.
“Thanks.” She pulled the blanket tighter, willing herself to be bold and ask the questions she needed answered. She might not get another chance, ever. She took a deep breath and snuggled her chin into the soft blanket. “Did the merpeople think Amelia had been kidnapped?” she asked. “That could explain why they were hunting Christopher. Maybe they were staging a rescue.” Maybe they thought she was being held against her will. Of course they would try to save her.
He shrugged. “It’s only a story, right? All I know is what Christopher wrote in his diary. The merpeople were incensed at Amelia’s departure and hunted down the ship. Pursued the ship all over the Caribbean. Christopher and Amelia evaded them for as long as they could, but eventually they realized it was pointless to run—especially on the ocean where all the merpeople were to begin with.” He laughed. “Guess Christopher finally realized that they weren’t going to evade them on the water, so he set Amelia out on land somewhere around Somer’s Island, in Bermuda. He had a friend who lived there, and he figured merpeople wouldn’t come into town.”
She smirked. Little did he know about the habits of merpeople. “Why didn’t Christopher stay on land with her? Why did he leave her behind? That doesn’t sound like love.”
He shrugged. “I assume he felt obligated to finish out his contract as privateer. He promised he’d come back to be with her, but he never did—we assume he was lost at sea. Or murdered by merpeople.” He scowled and rubbed at his tattoo.
“Or maybe he didn’t come back to see her.” She watched the tattoo. It seemed to wiggle as Chase ran his hand over it. Like a live tentacle, it pulsed and recoiled, and he scratched it, unaware of its movement. If the story weren’t true, why would he have a merpeople tattoo? And a piece of mer-jewelry? Under the blanket, she ran her fingertips over her tattoo.
“Maybe. His diary ends with Amelia’s entry about Somer’s Island. Surprising she could read and write, given the times.”
Of course she could read. Mer-education had been progressive back then. Shakespeare had nothing on mer-literature.
“At any rate, he must have left the diary with her when he set her ashore. Otherwise, he’d have written in it, and maybe we’d know what happened.”
Not likely. “What happened to Amelia? She must have married and had kids—otherwise, you wouldn’t be here.” A mermaid choosing to bear children with a human, it wasn’t unheard of. Rare, though, especially back then.
She would certainly bear Chase’s kids. Lots of little girls with curls hanging to their waists and bright blue eyes…
“She was pregnant when he set her out on the island.”
She snapped back to the present. “What?”
“Yes, when he left her, she was carrying his child.”
“Wow. How do you know that?”
“According to her entry in the diary, he didn’t know she was pregnant when he left her on the island. She didn’t tell him.” He put his hands behind his head. “She knew that if he knew about the baby, he would have never left her there alone. He’d have stayed, despite his letters of marque. He’d have been in more trouble than he already was. The English would have been hunting him too. That would be no life for a child.”
“But how did she survive—especially with a baby?” She stared at the flickering candles. The story was different from what she’d always known, yet it felt right. Felt true.
“Christopher left her money and had her stay with his friend. He definitely planned to return, as he left her with his personal effects, but something must have happened. He never came back. That’s why I think he was lost at sea.”
“How tragic.” She closed her eyes, imagining a pregnant Amelia abandoned by the man she loved. She couldn’t have gone back to her merfamily—they would have never accepted her. If a mermaid got pregnant by a human, well, she better stay with her human family.
Ice shot through her. Amelia was pregnant! That’s why the merpeople said she was raped. They knew she had a child by a human. They didn’t accept that it was by choice.
“What happened to her?” She sat up. “How did she survive, being a woman in that time? And if Christopher disappeared, how did someone paint his portrait?”
“Amelia never remarried but lived on the bounty Christopher had stored and hidden on the island. He was a rich man, and she was resourceful and intelligent. Her child grew up to be a successful man in the community, despite his beginnings.” He pulled the blanket over his legs. “And we don’t know when the portrait was painted—whether it was before he disappeared, or afterward, on Amelia’s direction. Luke and I were never able to find any information other than what I told you.”
“Wow.”
“It’s a good story. I don’t expect you to believe it. But it’s something passed down through my family for generations.”
If Amelia had survived, then there were lots of part-mer, part-humans out there on Chase’s family tree. “You’re a merman,” she said, poking him in the side with her toe. “How romantic.”
He harrumphed. “Yeah. If the story is true, I guess a tiny part of me is a fish. Not the part that is afraid of the water, though. That part is one-hundred-ten percent human scaredy-cat.”
She smiled. “You weren’t always scared. You’re going against your heritage, merman.”
“I used to love the water.” He stared out into the darkness, and she examined his profile—sharp, strong, yet soft and vulnerable. Afraid. Human. Mer. Sexy. “But the water and I no longer get along. You know that.”
“You aren’t afraid of the shower.” She poked him again. “That’s water. Oh, and you make soup. Are you afraid of some chicken noodle?”
He scowled and turned to her. “You try hard to get me going, you know. But the ocean hasn’t been my friend for a long time.”
“You parted waves. Seashell you later…” She held back a smile.
He groaned. “Hardee har, very punny. But it doesn’t change things. I don’t like the water—especially the ocean. That isn’t going to change with a few jokes.”
She moved over to lean against him, and he put his arm around her. “I’m glad I make you smile—even if it’s a cranky, small smile. And I enjoyed hearing about the oil painting and Christopher and Amelia and their love child. It’s romantic. You should write a book.”
He stroked her hair and she laid her head on his shoulder. “Yeah, sure. It would be the dullest book ever—and who would buy a romance written by a guy?” He laughed and the rumble shook through his torso. 
“I would.” She closed her eyes and listened to him breathe, the timbre of his voice deep and gravelly as it resounded in his chest. 
“Stories are about all I have left of family. Most of my close family is gone. My grandfather, my father, my brother…all taken too early by the ocean. I swear the water is out to destroy the men in my family. Looks like it started with Christopher. I can blame the pirate in the painting for all my troubles.”
She swallowed hard. He didn’t realize it, but he was exactly right—it had all started with Christopher. Revenge was a powerful motivator, and Inna’s family had been picking off the men in Chase’s family successfully for a long time, though they’d lied about their reasons. She had to tell Inna what she had learned. Maybe he had been duped too. He needed to know the truth—Chase was his cousin, albeit distant.
Inna wouldn’t kill his family, would he? As grumpy as he was, he held family in high regard. She sighed. Who would have ever guessed that things would get this complicated? She closed her eyes, concentrating on her breathing, slow and long. She snuggled down in Chase’s arms and breathed him in.
Tomorrow. She’d find Inna and tell him the whole story tomorrow.
Chase lurched and she nearly fell off the couch. “Get up!”
Blinking, she looked up, her eyes widening. The candlelight barely illuminated the bar, but clear as could be, Inna’s angry face pressed up to the window near the door.



Chapter Twenty-One
Inna! What the hell?
Chase pushed Mari off his shoulder and leaped up, his heart throbbing in his throat as a wave of nausea rolled through him. He bit back the anxiety and clenched his fists. He’d have to run after the bastard with bare feet, but it didn’t matter. Inna wasn’t going to hurt her—not ever. And he wasn’t going to get away with stalking anyone either.
He stumbled to the door and flung it open. The air, still thick with post-storm humidity, washed over him like a curtain of salty water. Only the faint sound of waves broke through the thick air, seemingly far away and muted. Not a bird sound or creak from the deck interrupted the quiet. Where had Inna gone? He couldn’t have disappeared. He’d been standing outside the window. How did he move away so quickly? And how long had he been watching them?
Creepy.
He scanned the deck but only reflected moonlight and the remaining bits of debris met his gaze. No sign of Inna anywhere. He’d seen him—it wasn’t his imagination. Inna had been staring, face against the pane—but where had he gone? He ran over to the stairs and peered down. 
Darkness. Nothing. 
Thankfully, her store was locked up tight, and the broken window was boarded up. Inna couldn’t get in unless he broke in. And if he did that, they’d hear him. He may have run down onto the beach. His palms broke into a cool sweat. He wasn’t following Inna down onto the sand, but he sure as hell wasn’t going to let him hide at the bar.
He spun when the sound of footsteps approached from behind.
Mari.
“Get back inside,” he said. “It isn’t safe out here.” The moon glowed faint, hazy light onto the deck, casting everything in blue-silver.
“Where’d he go?” She padded over to stand beside him and placed her hand on his elbow.
“I don’t see him.” His tattoo warmed under her touch, and he rubbed it.
“Did he run away?”
“Looks like it. I don’t see him anywhere up here. The coward. He should face me like a man—besides, I owe him one.” He puffed air and clenched his fists. The bastard had a punch to the nose coming. “If he’s hiding around here, I’ll find him. Then, I’ll take care of his problem. My way.” He slammed his fist on the deck railing.
“He’s gone, Chase. Let’s go back inside.”
“He’d better be gone.” He closed his eyes, clenching them shut. “If he knows what’s good for him.” Deep breaths. One. Two. He flexed his biceps. Three. Four. Flexed his triceps. Calm down. That’s it. He opened his eyes and stared at Mari. The breeze off the ocean rustled her long hair and whipped her sundress around her legs. He took another long breath and slowly exhaled. He wouldn’t let Inna get within fifty feet of her again. Whatever it took.
“Let’s get back inside.” She tugged at him. “No point in hanging around out here if he’s already gone. Come on…” She pulled at his arm and ran her fingertips along his skin, sending a shiver racing up his arm and neck.
He yanked his arm away. “You go ahead in. I know you’re tired, so why don’t you rest on the couch? I’m going to stay and make sure he doesn’t sneak back up here.” He scanned the horizon. The beach lay in darkness, and Inna could lurk anywhere among the dunes or pier remains.
Hiding.
Waiting.
He squeezed the deck railing and looked out toward the dark beach. Things were much more ominous without electricity. No sign of movement anywhere, besides the ocean and the swaying palm trees. Dark shapes and moonlit water.
And lots of places to hide.
“I’m not leaving you out here,” Mari said. “If you stay, I do too. I can help by keeping watch the other direction in case he tries to sneak up the back stairs.”
He sighed. She was stubborn. “Fine. You win. Let me make sure he’s gone and not hiding here. Then we’ll go back inside together and get some rest.”
“Okay.” She clutched his biceps. The tentacle tattoo seemed to writhe as she stroked it. 
He walked the perimeter of the deck and she padded alongside, her hair occasionally brushing against his arm. Darkness lay everywhere except in the blue-white swath of moonlight that cut across the waves and onto the beach. In the lighted path, the sea glittered like a million tiny fireflies, flickering and bobbing in the warm, late summer's night. The crash of waves onto the sand echoed against the dunes, and the darkened skeletal remains of the pier jagged from the water.
No sign of Inna anywhere.
No sign of anyone. The post-storm island lay in darkness, a ghost town—and he didn’t intend the place to become his tomb. Sweat dampened his back. He breathed, flexing and releasing muscles in order, as the therapist taught him. Five, six. The water was out there, close. Lurking. Seven, eight. 
Mantra. He was safe from water. 
Only Inna posed a threat. A threat he was more than equipped to take care of.
“He’s not here,” Mari whispered.
“Asshole. He’d better be glad I didn’t get my hands on him.”
“Let’s go back inside now. You okay?”
“Yeah. A bit on edge.”
“Lot’s happened in the past couple of days.”
Her presence both relaxed him and put him on guard. Being around her would never be dull or boring. But hadn’t his life already had enough excitement and danger? Why would he invite more? “Let me finish my sweep. Then we’ll go inside.”
He moved to check the side of the deck that didn’t face the water. No one. Satisfied that Inna was truly gone, he relaxed his shoulders in an exaggerated sigh. They were safe, for now at least. If Inna came back, he’d be ready. 
Laying his hand over hers, he closed his eyes and focused on softness beneath his heavier palm. When he pulled her fingertips to his lips for a kiss, she giggled. He opened his eyes and smiled. Being with her might not be the best idea for peacefulness, but her kind of excitement was contagious. And invigorating.
Her hair streaked blue in the moonlight, and her eyes reflected deep in the darkness. The golden chain around her neck glinted, and the pearl bulged between her breasts, under the folded neckline of her sundress. He tugged her against him and ran his hand down her back to the curve of her waist. She tipped her head up and smiled.
Oh, hell. She’d done it again. How could he resist? Why would he want to? He took her mouth in his, taking in the sweetness of her breath and the yielding fullness of her lips. All focus on her, diving into the abandon of the moment. 
He pushed deeper, clutching the back of her neck and holding her still while he kissed her with every bit of emotion he’d held in. Fear, anger, panic, and happiness—showing her everything he was, everything he could and couldn’t be.
She struggled against him.
He drew back, holding her arms and squeezing gently. He didn’t want to let her go. With the warm humidity, the darkness, and sparkling moonlight—it all felt right. More right than anything had felt in as long as he could remember. He wanted to kiss her into oblivion. Screw the world and all its problems. Screw Inna.
This moment was theirs.
“Chase…”
“What’s wrong?”
“Let’s go inside.” She looked over his shoulder toward the ocean. “I don’t like the feeling that he may be watching. He could sneak up on us…”
He scanned the deck and sighed. “You’re right. Let’s go.” He took her hand and led her to the bar door. What had come over him? He’d lost control. He knew better than to let his guard down when the enemy was nearby. His navy training had drilled that into him.
Tightness gripped his chest, and he squeezed her hand. He hadn’t thought about his training in ages. What had once been important and at the forefront of his daily activities now felt distant and foreign, like the taste of something bitter. His training certainly hadn’t saved Luke. Chase rubbed at the tattoo. He could save Mari, though.
And he would.
She stared at him, eyebrows raised in question. He faked a smile and she scowled. He was wallowing again and getting worked up over things he couldn’t change instead of living in the moment. Going from oblivious kissing to brooding. Deep breaths weren’t going to bring Luke back. Live in the present. Live in the now. Wasn’t that what the therapist told him? Wasn’t it what Mari said too?
No one had told him how difficult it would be.
Damaged was damaged. But maybe not forever.
He led her inside the dark bar. He’d live in this moment, this night with her, with no promises. That was the best he could do for now, but hell, it was a lot better than he had to offer days ago. She had a way of helping him move past his hurt, at least while she was in his arms.
The candles had burned down to a couple of inches high and seemed to give off less light than they had when they were taller, though that made little sense. The bar, familiar, yet strange in the candle-glow, was all he had to remind him of Luke. Was he selling the place because he wanted to move, or simply because it reminded him of Luke? Of his and Luke’s dreams and plans? The bar was more than his livelihood, it was his home. Leaving it wouldn’t be as easy as he thought.
Leaving her wouldn’t be easy.
She plopped onto the couch and pulled the blanket up over her shoulders. “Please lock the door,” she said. “I don’t feel safe knowing he’s out there lurking. That’s beyond crazy, it’s creepy.” She stretched out her legs and laid her head on the couch pillow and softly whistled some nondescript ’80s pop song.
“We’re safe.” He strode to the door and flipped the lock, then clicked the deadbolt. “I’m closing the curtains too. No more peeping ex-fiancés.” He made his way around the bar, closing curtains and shades and blinds, then retrieved a couple of new candles off the bar top. When he got to the couch, she was asleep, snoring lightly.
He set the candles down on the table and they rolled across the wood, clattering and clacking as he tried to catch them before the noise woke her. 
She didn’t move, only snored a little more heavily. He sat on the floor and rested his back against the couch. When he leaned his head in close to the couch cushion, he could feel her breath, warm and moist, against his cheek. He turned to watch her sleep. Beautiful. Kind. Optimistic, even under the worst situations. A touch naive, but in a good way.
Everything he wasn’t.
Despite the storm, and despite Inna, the time he’d spent with her had been comfortable and exciting—if feeling the two things at the same time was possible. He felt more alive than he had since Luke’s death, and for moments, he found himself actually enjoying life again. Especially when he kissed her, or when she would reach out and touch his arm, or when he moved inside her. 
When she laughed, his heart lightened. The incident in the fun house had invigorated him. If only he’d beaten the crap out of Inna, or at least enough to keep him from coming back around. Luke would have defended her too. He’d always taken up for the underdog.
A cold chill raced up his back. Luke. Champion for the disenchanted and disenfranchised. Luke’s voice echoed in his heart: “Be happy, brother.” 
Be happy.
Let the past go. It’s over.
All you’ve got is now.
Luke wouldn’t have wanted Chase to wither away and not feel, not live. In fact, he’d have done everything he could to help. He didn’t approve of wallowing. Chase stared into the flickering candlelight and breathed in the vanilla scent.
Not only would Luke want him to be happy, he would be downright pissed off if he knew Chase was running away to stagnate on a ranch far from the ocean. To escape. The sea had always defined their lives, who they were, and what they wanted. From the time they were little boys catching crabs and fishing in the tide pools, the sea was like a second mother, or another sibling, depending on the situation.
He could learn to live with the water again in time. Somehow. No matter how much it hurt, or how much he feared the ocean, he could at least try. For both his and Mari’s sake. As much as he was terrified to admit it, she meant a lot to him. In a few days, he’d grown to feel comfortable with her in a way totally different than he’d ever felt with a woman.
He loved her.
He ran his hands over his face and blinked back tears. He’d want the same for Luke. If their roles were reversed, he’d want nothing more than for Luke to be happy, and he’d be pissed as hell if Luke gave up on someone like Mari.
He’d want Luke to make his own happiness in the wake of storm damage.
Warmth flowed up from the pit of his stomach and spread through his body. Hell yeah, Luke would want him to live. And Chase wanted to live again.
With Mari at his side.
One of the pillars sputtered into a pool of wax and he moved to light another of the fragrant candles. The strong flame flickered in his sight, the remnants of his tears making halo rainbows around the flame. Dammit. He’d give happiness a shot. Luke deserved it, Mari deserved it, and he sure as hell deserved it. He got up onto his knees and leaned over her. His heart sped as he realized the potential that hung heavily in the moment. The chance he was about to take would change the course of everything going forward.
He was ready.
When he pushed a lock of hair out of her face, she twitched and turned her head, her lips slightly parted and her chest rising and falling slowly. The necklace, glinting in the candlelight, pulled to one side and dangled near her shoulder. He straightened the chain, relishing how warm it had become on her skin. It fit her perfectly. The iridescent pearl with its gold filigree complemented her smooth skin. The necklace was meant to be worn by her, like an extension of her being.
A small tattoo peeked from beneath the neckline of her dress—he hadn’t spotted it before. During all the times she’d stared at his, she’d never mentioned her tattoo. Why hadn’t he noticed it when she was wearing a bathing suit? Because he hadn’t been paying much attention to her then. He’d been an ostrich in his grief. He’d wasted so much time.
He slipped the fabric out of the way with his index finger, enough to see a tiny pink starfish—smaller than a dime, but perfect in every detail—on the side of her breast, above her heart. He ran his thumb lightly over the inky mark and she shuddered a breath and opened her eyes to slits.
“Chase,” she murmured.
“Yeah, I’m here.” He snatched his hand away, blood rushing to his face at the thought she’d caught him fondling her while she was asleep. If he was going to grope her, he wanted her to know it. And want it. Wasn’t his style to sneak a feel.
“Is he gone?” She stretched her arms above her head.
“Seems to be. He can’t peep in anymore, anyway, with the blinds closed. And the doors and windows are locked, so he isn’t getting in without force.” And if he does, I’ll hunt him down and bash his face in.
“Good.” She studied his face, reaching out to run a fingertip across his swollen cheek. “I hate him. I know I shouldn’t hate anyone, but I do hate him for hurting you.”
He winced as a streak of pain shot through his face at her touch. “He’s easy to hate. He’s a bad person.”
“I’m sorry he hit you.”
“Not your fault. I told you that already.”
“I still feel guilty. This never would have happened if I hadn’t insisted we go to the amusement park today. I always have these harebrained schemes that seem like great ideas…at the time.” She pushed up to sitting, her hair sticking out in every direction. Adorable. “Then, things happen…”
“It’s good that we went, despite the fight in the fun house. I needed to get away from the storm clean-up and have a little fun.” He winked. And who knew that the wheel could be so uplifting? He grinned. Uplifting. That was funny.
She patted her errant hair down and smiled. “I’m happy we went, but I’m also happy we’re back at the bar now. I feel safe here. Comfortable.”
“You are safe.” He paused, then sat on the floor and leaned into the couch. 
How would he tell her that he wanted to stay on the island, wanted to take a chance with her? Would she want to try too, or was he in for rejection? And would she think he was a total lunatic for changing his mind that drastically? It had certainly never been one of his traits. He held a belief or opinion and stuck to it—sometimes to his own detriment. Often to his own detriment. He scowled.
“I don’t know when I’ve felt this safe. That’s crazy isn’t it? We survived a major hurricane and were attacked by my insane fiancé. Makes no sense. I still feel like I’m home.”
“Ex-fiancé.” Punk-ass ex-fiancé.
“Yes. Very much an ex. And good riddance.” She pulled up the blanket and stared out across the darkened bar.
“And you are home.”
“Until you sell the bar and I have to move.”
The hurt in her voice ran through him like a hot chainsaw. He swallowed hard and changed the topic. “When will you tell your mother that you won’t marry Inna?” 
He leaned back onto the couch and stared at the dark ceiling with bits of stray candlelight wavering over it in pulses and beats. For the first time since the storm, he was glad the electricity was out. Conversations were easier in the candlelight. Especially difficult conversations.
She paused before answering, twirling a long strand of hair around her fingertip. “Soon. I wish my father were still alive—he’d understand. And he’d never expect me to marry Inna.”
“What happened to your father?”
“He was sick, and doctors couldn’t do anything for him. Cancer of some sort.” She pulled the blanket to her chin. “He died many years ago, I barely remember his face.”
He stared at her. Her emotional facade was stronger than most people’s. Although she seemed perpetually happy, she had pain in her life, like everyone else. She didn’t let it overwhelm or cripple her. 
He used to think people that acted happy all the time were weak, but she had changed his mind. She was one of the strongest people he’d ever met. 
“I’m sorry about your father,” he said. “I know that’s a hard thing to deal with. When my dad died, I didn’t think I’d ever get over the crippling grief. As long as it’s been, I’m still sad when I think about him. And I think of him often.” He stared at his hands, examining his nails before continuing. “And I don’t think I will ever get over losing Luke. Hopefully, I can learn to deal with the loss, and not let it consume me. But it’s hard. I loved my brother so much, and he died young. It isn’t fair.”
“Losing people we love is the hardest burden we carry in our lives.”
“Yes. What about your mother? It’s difficult to imagine that a mom would force a marriage. Are you two close? Do you go shopping and buy shoes and have tea?” He winced at how he sounded. Pretty sexist. For all he knew, she and her mother went target shooting with cannons.
“Well, we were close before this whole marriage and adulthood thing happened. Then…not so much. I guess it is a normal part of daughters growing up. Mothers want their daughters to stay little girls with curls and bows.”
“Yeah, maybe, but the whole arranged marriage thing sounds a little crazy. I can’t believe she would insist you go through with it. It’s not right.”
“My mom loves me, Chase. She wants me to marry someone with influence, so I’ll be taken care of. I think she’s afraid that she’ll die and leave my sister and me alone and defenseless. She’s old-fashioned—thinking we need men in our lives to be complete.” She sighed. “But both my sister and I are pretty good at taking care of ourselves. I know she’s doing what she thinks is best.”
He ran his hand up her blanketed arm. She looked fragile, and the hurt from loss clearly tore at her. Her face didn’t hide the pain in her heart, the pain he hadn’t noticed before. Whether she had hidden it, or he hadn’t looked closely enough to see it, he didn’t know. She seemed small against the big world. But with him beside her, they’d face the world together. If she’d agree. 
“What’s your sister’s name?” he asked softly. “I don’t ever hear you talk about her.”
“Melanie.”
“That’s a nice name. Are you close?”
“Not like we used to be.”
“Does she live far away or something? Why aren’t you close?” How could she not be in touch with her sister? He and Luke had always been tight. They’d lived together.
She looked at him, her eyes wet with tears. “I don’t want to talk about my family, Chase. I don’t want to be sad. I want to focus on the good things. The positive. Right now, family isn’t one of the positives.”
He swallowed down the knot that had formed in his throat. “I understand.” And he did. He and Mari had a lot in common, that was for sure. Who would have ever suspected? She carried her grief in a totally different way. “It’s okay. I’m here for you.”
She tensed. “I don’t have you. As you plainly said, you’re leaving. Soon.”
“It’s complicated.” He pulled the blanket off her arms and reached for her.
“What’s complicated about it? Seems straightforward to me.” Her eyes flashed and she recoiled from his open arms. “Am I not worth it? Aren’t we worth it? You could stay here if you wanted. You have a choice. And you choose to move away and leave me. Leave us.”
“Or you could stop being stubborn about staying here. Come with me.”
She shook her head. “You don’t understand.”
“Help me understand. If you think we have a chance, if you think we are worth it, then why not come with me?”
“I wish I could, Chase. But I can’t leave the ocean. It’s more than a wish to be here. It’s a necessity.”
“You’re right. I don’t understand. I need to know you want us to be together, no matter where we are.”
She swiped away her tears. “If I could leave, I would. I’ve wanted to have my own shop on the beach my whole life. It’s not that I don’t want to be with you—I do, more than anything. But leaving the ocean isn’t an option. Can’t you stay here with me? I know you feel the pull to the sea like I do. Like Luke did.”
He took a deep breath. 
She was right. He remembered how much he loved the ocean before the accident. Would it ever be possible to regain that feeling? Could Mari help him find his way back to the sea?
Warmth crept through him as a trail of inner peace slid up his spine. Then it was gone, replaced by the icy breath of fear and doubt. One thing remained. 
Mari.
He couldn’t imagine a life without her. Not in Kansas, and not on the beach. He needed her. He gulped in another breath.
Here went nothing. Or the beginning of something. He’d take the leap. He had to, as it might be his only chance, ever. Letting it pass him by was not an option. One, two, three. Flex, release. 
“I want to stay here with you. I can try to do it though it scares me. I can’t promise anything more than to try. I hope it’s enough.” There, he’d said it. Numbness flowed through him like molasses, and he clenched his biceps. He’d done it.
She gaped and leaned toward him. He met her gaze. Seconds felt drawn out into long gaps of timeless hesitation.
“What are you saying? You’re staying? You aren’t selling the bar? You want to be with me?”
He held his head and breathed through the urge to cry. Water, deep and dark and unknown. Drowning. Silent screams. He had to remember Luke. Luke would want him to move forward and enjoy life. Four, five, six.
Flex. Release.
He could do this. Being with Mari was right. And he couldn’t leave her on the island with Inna lurking around either. The more he breathed the decision, the more it became clear that she was meant for him. Seven, eight. 
“I want to try to stay here with you. It’s what I want. I want you.” He looked up. Mari, buried in the blanket, her hair a shadowed halo, her lips slightly parted and damp…
She squealed and hugged him, the blanket dropping off. “I don’t care about my store—I care about you! I can’t believe you’ll stay! This is the best news ever.”
He wrapped his arms around her and buried his face in her hair. He’d made his choice. High water or not, the path was in front of him, and he could only move forward now.
Sink or swim. Together.



Chapter Twenty-Two
Chase was going to stay on the island! Mari held in another squeal, but it slipped out in tiny peeps as she breathed. If she wasn’t afraid she’d scare him away, she’d whistle Sweet Georgia Brown. She couldn’t believe he’d changed his mind. She pulled back to stare into his eyes. The sexiest man she’d ever met wanted to be with her.
“I’m not sure what I can do about your store, though—the bar is all but sold already.” He frowned. “We’ll have to find other places to live. But I’m sure…”
She dragged him to her, ignoring the bite of the pearl necklace as the filigree pinched into her neck. “We’ll figure it out.” She hugged him tighter. “I’m sure there’s a way you can keep the bar, somehow. Can’t you get out of the contract?”
“Maybe.” He rubbed her back and she arched to meet his warm hands. “I’ll have to call my realtor and see if there’s a way. But the seller wants the place badly—their offer was high and came fast, before we could fully list the place. And I’ve already signed some paperwork.”
She clung to him. “It’ll work out. I know it.” She’d never let him go again. 
No matter what happened, he’d made the choice to be with her and that meant everything. She’d help him get past his fears. He’d eventually learn to live with the pain of his brother’s death, and she’d hold him on nights when he couldn’t. Together, they would be unstoppable.
The shadows flickered on the wall as the candlelight burned lower. She’d known things would work out. They always did. He caressed her hair, holding her tightly. His heart beat a thrum-thrum and she closed her eyes to listen. She nuzzled into his chest, and he kissed the top of her head.
A cold streak of realization shot through her. She hadn’t been honest with him. What would he do when he found out she was a mermaid? Would he get angry that she’d misled him? Run away? Visions of him in his pirate shirt and tight black pants, getting into a cab with a suitcase, flashed through her mind, only it wasn’t funny or sexy. She could lose him forever.
How would a mermaid and a man afraid of the ocean ever make it? How could they overcome such an obstacle?
“Chase?”
“Yes, my pretty mermaid…” He ran his fingers through her hair, tugging gently at the wavy locks, then fingered the necklace.
She gulped. Did he know already? How? “Ummm. Never mind. Please hold me.” 
She buried her head in his neck, taking a breath of his scent. It was a freshness that was all man with a dash of sweat. Desire bloomed in her belly like a warm tide creeping through her, and she placed her lips against his pulse point, feeling the throbbing of his heartbeat against her sensitive skin. Whether he knew she was a mermaid or not, it didn’t matter now. She was in his arms and there would be time for truth later.
“I love seeing you wearing that necklace,” he murmured. “My own sweet mermaid in her fine mermaid jewelry. It’s perfect for you.”
He pushed her back and held her at arm’s length. “I would love to see you in the necklace, nothing else.” He raised his eyebrows. “What are my chances?”
Warmth flashed through her cheeks, and she ducked her head. He called her his mermaid because of the necklace, nothing more.
She had to tell him now. “Chase…”
“Shh…” He held his finger to her lips. “Not another word. I’m going to slip off that dress and treat you like my own mermaid princess.”
“But…”
“It’s what you want, isn’t it?” He breathed the words and a shiver raced up her back like he’d trailed a fingertip up her spine. “You aren’t having second thoughts?”
“Yes, it’s what I want but—”
“Hush… We can talk later when we’re too tired to do anything else. We’ve only begun to learn about each other and there are many more things we need to find out. Let’s start tonight.”
He stared into her eyes and held her gaze until her breath caught. What was the harm in waiting? He didn’t want to talk right now, and she could tell him later. Right now, he needed her. 
They needed each other. Mermaid or not, it didn’t matter. All that did matter was the energy flowing between them, this moment, this quiet night with no electricity but all sorts of sparks.
He stood and picked her up, cradling her in his arms like fragile cargo. She wanted to rebel and tell him she could walk on her own accord, but the sensuality of being held off the ground by a strong and sexy man quelled her complaint. Being in his arms, held only by him, felt good.
He knew she was a strong woman and he wanted to show her he was a strong man.
“Mind if we use my bed instead of the couch this time?” he asked, his voice low and full of promise. “It’s roomier and more comfortable. I think we’ll both appreciate that.” 
He shifted his arm under her knees, tucking her sundress tightly around her legs. The candlelight stuttered with the fluttering of her dress. And she felt like a butterfly about to take flight. Excitement buzzed in her belly.
She nodded, aware that her mouth was partly open and there was nothing she could do about it. She wanted him. Her tail thrashed about and she quivered with anticipation. No pirate shirt tonight, just skin-to-skin warmth and the feel of him inside her.
She held on as he pulled her tight to his chest and headed to the bedroom. Her hair swung with his steady gait and she pretended she was one of those starlets from a 1930s flick, being carried off to bed up a grand staircase and with sweeping opera music. Only this time, no stairs and no fancy dress. She’d be behind the door, not in the audience. She smiled. Couldn’t be more perfect.
He maneuvered her into his dark bedroom, then kissed her on the forehead before dropping her onto the bed. “Forgot we don’t have lights. Be right back.”
“We don’t need…” She lifted onto her elbows.
“Oh, yes. I want to see every swish of your tail, mermaid.”
He jogged out the door and she lay back. The duvet was high-quality cotton and cool to the touch in the muggy room. Having the AC back would be welcome, but she’d take what she could get. She snuggled into the coolness of the cover.
Chase was hers! He’d committed to staying with her on the island.
She drew her knees up and palmed her sex, pushing against the need that threatened to engulf her before he returned. A flickering light bounced off the walls, and a second later he appeared in the doorway, his face half-lit in the candlelight. Damp perspiration gave his face a glow and his eyes shone. He wanted her as much as she wanted him.
“Got ’em.” He set two pillar candles on his dresser. The light reflected in the mirror and swept out across the room. “Need a beer or some water or something?”
“Nothing to drink right now, thank you. But I do need…something. You.” Was he trying to torture her? She wanted him. Hard and fast and deep.
“Good. ’Cause I need you now.” Vanilla wafted through the small bedroom, warming it further. The candles sparkled and shone bright, almost like they glowed from the strength of emotion in the room.
“Then hurry.”
She rose on her elbows and watched him pull his T-shirt over his head. She’d seen his bare muscular chest before—when he’d been sunning on the deck—but in the candlelight, the ridges and planes stood out in stark relief as they were revealed one by one in the soft light. Exquisite.
He turned to put his shirt on the dresser, and she examined the tentacle tattoo that ran over his shoulder and down his back on one side. In the dim light, the details weren’t clear, but whoever had done the art was talented. When she’d touched the tattoo, it had seemed to move, vibrate on its own. She frowned. It had to be mer. That would explain the sense of movement. She touched her starfish tattoo, feeling it pulse under her fingertips. Maybe.
“What’re you staring at?” He flexed his muscles. “Surely you’ve seen a six-pack before…” He grinned like a teenager, and the softness of his expression was one she hadn’t often seen from him. Gods, it was good to see him smile.
“Yeah, but I need to make a closer examination, please. Before, things happened quickly. I want to take my time tonight.”
He hopped onto the bed, setting it to creaking. “You got it.” He crawled over to her and pinned her down on her back with his hands. “Close enough?”
“Not nearly.” She arched her body to try to reach him, but he was too far away.
“I’ll try harder. How’s this?” He held himself up on his arms and bent to kiss her. When he touched her lips with his, she pulled him down onto her and met his tongue with her own.
She matched his every thrust and parry, trying to diffuse some of the raging need that consumed her. She writhed underneath him, pushing up and feeling his hardness against her sex. His touch sent a perfect stream of chills up her back.
He pulled away from the kiss, and she panted. She needed him now. “Closer. I need more.” More kisses. More. He nibbled at her earlobe, his hot breath sending shivers down her torso and into her legs. Her tail quivered and she held it back. She and Chase would swim eventually. For now, it had to stay hidden.
When he trailed his tongue down the side of her neck, she raised her chin to give him more access. She threw her arms out at her sides and raised her chest as he made his way down past her collarbone to the swell of her breasts. Instead of moving the fabric, he nuzzled her and nipped through the cloth of the sundress. Her nipples perked and he sucked and licked one through her dress while squeezing and fondling her other breast with his hand.
“Chase.” Her breath caught in her throat, and she shook her head to wave off the encroaching dizziness of bliss. “More.”
Good thing her body knew what to do because her brain was on vacation.
He looked up at her, the necklace in his teeth. “Hmm?”
She laughed and ran her hands through his spiky hair. “You look silly.”
He dropped the pearl to her breast and sat back on his knees. The tattoo rippled with each movement, and she reached out to him. He stared at her; his eyes half-hidden in the candlelight.
“What is it?”
He motioned her to sit up beside him. “Just looking.” He ran his hand over her cheek. “You are beautiful. Do you want me, Mari? As much as I want you? This is a big deal to me—I thought I was done with closeness, but I’m ready for this commitment. Ready to seal the bond.”
“I’ve wanted you forever.”
His eyes sparkled. “Take this off. Now.” He tugged at her dress and she raised her arms so he could strip it off over her shoulders. She shivered and crossed her arms over her chest as chills raced over her in the warm room.
“Come closer.” He rubbed her shoulder.
She slid next to him, and he ran his hand up her arm. “We’re messing up your bed.” Why was she nervous? She kept her arms over her breasts. No doubts. No regrets. Her body knew exactly what she wanted, and had no problem responding. She needed to let it do what it wanted. What it was meant for.
“That’s the idea, isn’t it?” He ran a finger down her cheek. “To muss the bed…”
She smiled. “Yes. But the duvet is almost on the floor.”
“I don’t care.” He pulled the rest of the duvet from under her and tossed it out onto the bedroom floor. “That’s better. Now come here. I want to taste you.”
Tingles zipped through her damp sex as she edged closer to him. His military training left little room for small talk when there was a task at hand. He pushed her hands away from her breasts and let out a breath. The pink satin bra gleamed in the candlelight.
He unclasped her bra, letting the straps fall from her shoulders onto her arms, then slid his thumbs around the fabric and tugged the bra the rest of the way off. “Much better.” Pushing her back onto the bed he leaned over her and stared. “Are you sure this is what you want, Mari? To be with me, forever? I want you to be sure.”
“More sure than anything.” She held her breasts, offering them to him.
He drew in a stuttered breath and reached for her. Closing her eyes in anticipation, she waited for his touch.
“What’s this?” He ran his thumb over her starfish tattoo.
“A tattoo.” She turned and looked at the wall.
“I know it’s a tattoo, silly mermaid. What’s the story behind it?” He brushed over it again and she clenched her thighs together. “Don’t all tattoos have some kind of story behind them?”
Should she tell him? The tattoo that marked her as mermaid. It had appeared when she was sixteen. She’d woken up one morning and it was there. Thankfully, hers was small and pink. Her sister’s was a puffer fish, all spiky and puffed on her hip like a birthmark. “A story for later?” she asked. Thank goodness her mer-mark wasn’t embarrassing.
“Good idea. Got other things to do now, anyway.” She could have sworn he growled the words.
He closed his hot mouth over her nipple, and she bit into her lower lip. So good. She wanted to memorize his every move, capture every touch and preserve the moments when they came together as one. She closed her eyes and held his head in place as he sucked and nipped. She ran her hands over his shoulders, probing each muscle and ridge and feeling each flex as he licked and sucked her breasts.
She arched her back as much as she could, hoping he’d suck harder. He responded with a nip and she pulled back. He tugged her toward him.
“You’re not going anywhere, mermaid.”
When he made his way down her stomach with his kisses and bites, she moaned and pushed him down farther. Her panties were the only thing between her and his…
“Tongue!” she yelped as he licked her sex through her thin panties. Her legs flew open, almost of their own accord, and she held his shoulders with a vise grip.
He raised his head and laughed. “Want something?”
“Huh?” Her vision swam and the candlelight wavered. Every nerve in her body hummed.
“This?” He licked again, tracing the folds through her panties.
“Yesss.” Her wet panties stuck to her, and she wiggled to adjust them.
“These little pink things need to come off. Right now. They are in the way of my mission.” He tugged at them, and she lifted up so he could remove them. “There, that’s much better. I can dive in.”
She lowered her hips to the bed. The sensations all jumbled inside her. She was swimming without a clue how she would get where she needed to go. She was almost drowning.
Chase pushed her legs farther open and lay down between them, his spiky hair tickling her thighs. When she squirmed to scoot away, he grabbed her hips.
“Oh, no you don’t.” He moved closer. “You aren’t going anywhere. Not until I am completely done.”
When he plunged his tongue into her most intimate spot, the bottom fell out of the sea and she was sucked into a roiling whirlpool. Dizzied, she couldn’t separate Chase’s licks from his nibbles, and she fell over the edge in one frantic shout.

* * * *
Chase stared, relishing the pink flush that covered her body and the way her chest rose and fell with shallow breaths. In the candlelight, she looked peachy and ripe and all his. She was much sweeter than he could’ve imagined, and her cries of pleasure had nearly undone him. 
He’d not ever let her go but spend the rest of his life discovering all her secrets. He moved to lie beside her, adjusting his hard-on in his jeans. Pace. Not too much, too soon. Give her some time to recover. Make it last.
This was the night he claimed her as his. Forever.
Her dark lashes fluttered open, and he gazed down at her. God, she was beautiful, inside and out. Her body was sinful. Firm breasts peaked by rosy nipples, the soft curves of her hips, and the mass of wet curls between her legs all came together like a fine painting. He fingered the pearl necklace, dragging it across her warm skin. She was his mermaid, every bit of her. And after tonight, there would be no doubt who she was meant to be with.
“Good?” He knew the answer, but part of him wanted to hear it to be sure. To hear her say it.
“Yes.”
“More?” He dropped the necklace and brushed an errant strand of hair from her face.
She reached to squeeze his erection. Electricity shot through him as he stiffened more. He thrust into her hand, and she tugged at his zipper.
“Take these off,” she ordered, eyes half-closed. “I want to feel you. All of you.”
He stood and unzipped his jeans, aware of her gaze on him as he lowered his pants and underwear. His cock bobbed out and he stroked it a couple of times. Oh yes, he needed her now. The ache ripped through him like an insatiable hunger, and he needed to try to quench it.
He stared back, pausing to enjoy the view of her softness and curves and the candlelight across her hair and skin. The urge to possess her thrummed through him to the point he could barely think. He wouldn’t be able to hold out much longer. He had to be inside her, feel her body pressed against his. 
She would be his. Only his.
He clambered back onto the bed, and she reached for him. His breath caught as he pushed down the urge to flip her over and take her hard. “Mari,” he murmured.
She tugged more forcefully and moved to take him in her mouth. Oh, how he wanted to watch his cock disappear between her soft lips again, over and over. The thought of what she had done with her tongue earlier made his balls ache. But if he allowed it now, he’d never last. He needed to show her he wanted her, he would protect her, and he only wanted to be with her.
He needed to claim her.
“Chase,” she said. “I want you in my mouth.” She ran her nails lightly along the fronts of his thighs and kissed the tip of his cock.
He shook his head and gritted his teeth against the urge to push into her mouth. She licked along his length and he pushed her head away, panting. “Later.”
“I want to give you the same pleasure you gave me.” She closed her lips over the head of his cock and he twitched.
“No, Mari.” He pumped a few times, feeling her tighten her lips around him. A few more strokes… No. He pulled out of her mouth and tipped her chin up to meet her gaze. “I want to come inside you, Mari, feel you beneath me as I take you. I want us to be one. Next time…”
She smiled and lay back, her hair spilling around her head in waves. “Come on, then. I can’t wait any longer.” She spread her legs and he wanted to bury his face in that wetness again. Make her scream. His cock tightened, threatening. He had all the time in the world to pleasure her in many ways. Every way. But right now, he’d possess her and feel her clench around him in ecstasy.
Oh crap.
“Just a sec,” he said, hating to leave her for a second. “Almost forgot.” He hopped off the bed and pulled open his underwear drawer. In the darkness, he could barely see, and his hands shook as he pushed aside stacks of boxers. “Here we go.” He pulled out a foil packet and held it up in the candlelight.
“Hurry.”
He tore open the foil packet and rolled the condom on. He moved to the bed and then bent and kissed her, running his tongue over hers until his cock begged for release.
When he lowered himself into her wet folds, he sighed. Perfect fit.
He pushed, trying to balance between giving her pleasure and restraining his own. He lifted up on his arms and watched her breasts bob with each thrust, the necklace bouncing from side to side on her bare chest. Sweat rolled down her chest, slicking their bodies as he moved against her.
The long shadows cast by the candlelight gave the room an almost otherworldly glow. He held on to the headboard, using it as traction to thrust harder, deeper. She moved with him, her soft legs wrapping around his back and pulling him in deeper, her hands on his chest. He pushed, holding back his satisfaction. The dull ache of need had grown to a roaring desire.
“Come for me, mermaid.” He sped his thrusts, and she matched him with her own.
Suddenly, she opened her eyes, and she stopped moving. He fell into the seconds, waiting. Then, her thighs clenched, and she groaned, throwing her head back and gasping for air. He thrust, again and again, until the last shudders of her orgasm were about gone. His balls clenched when she licked her lips and he let loose, crashing into his own release.


After blowing out the candles, he retrieved the duvet from the floor and spread it across the bed and over her shoulders, then tucked her hair behind her ear. She shivered and he trailed a finger down the side of her face. 
His tremors had subsided, but already, his cock was begging for more. He doubted there was enough time left in his life to ever get enough, to ever be fully sated. But right now, he needed to let her get some rest. The past few days had been tiring for them both, and she was bound to be exhausted. He yawned. He was more worn-out than he had realized.
He pulled his pillow under his head and climbed under the covers with her. She wrapped a smooth leg over him, and he involuntarily pushed his hips toward her. He’d have her again. As soon as they rested a while. Then again. And again.
“Chase?” she mumbled. Her eyes remained closed, and she sighed.
“Yes?”
“I’m a mermaid.”
“Yes.”
“No. I’m really a mermaid.”
“Of course you are.”

Chapter Twenty-Three
The acrid smoke filled Chase’s lungs, and he struggled to breathe. Where was he? He coughed and waved his arms frantically. Mari lay beside him, still sleeping. Had they forgotten to blow out the candles? No, he remembered doing it before they went to sleep. What the hell?
“Mari! Wake up! I think the bar’s on fire.” He shook her. “Come on, we’ve got to get out of here. Quick!”
“What?” She sat up and started coughing.
“Grab your dress. We’ve got to get outside.” He leaped from the bed and felt around for his jeans in the dark, finally grabbing them. Smoke hadn’t filled the bedroom, but something was burning somewhere in the bar. He tossed Mari her sundress, then slid into his jeans and zipped them. No underwear, but he’d live with it. “Hurry. Put your dress on.”
She struggled to get loose from the bedcovers, and he tugged them off her feet. She slipped the sundress over her head. “Oh my gods! What happened?”
“I don’t know.” Smoke was quickly filling the room and seeping into his lungs. He coughed again and grabbed a T-shirt off the floor and tossed it to Mari. “Put this over your mouth and nose.” He grabbed another T-shirt and scooped up the pearl necklace from the bedside table. “We’ve got to leave. Wherever the fire started, it’s spreading.” He shoved the necklace into his pocket.
“Feel the door. See if it’s hot.” She spoke through the T-shirt and waved wisps of smoke away with her hand.
He stumbled across the room and put his palms against the wooden door.
Cool.
“It’s fine. Come on.” He reached for her and pulled her along through the hallway into the bar. He bumped against the couch and felt his way through the open area and out onto the deck. Orange light flickered across the decking, but darkness still covered the sky. What the hell?
“Fire!” She pointed to the roof where flames crept along one side like a Mohawk on the roofline.
Shit! The painting. One of the few links he had to his distant past, besides the necklace, was about to get burned up and lost forever. The journal was at his mother’s house, but if he didn’t save the painting, it’d be history lost. “I’ve got to go back inside.”
“What for?” Her eyes were wide and round. “It’s dangerous!” She tugged him toward the stairs.
“I need to get the painting of Christopher. I’ll be right back.” He covered his mouth and nose with the T-shirt and dashed back inside. 
The smoke billowed and curved like a dark, beastly creature and Chase blinked back tears as it stung his eyes. He took a couple of steps. The bar top was ablaze, and the alcohol bottles had started popping in the heat, fueling the fire more. He’d never get past it to reach the painting—it was probably already on fire anyway. The whole back wall lit up with tendrils of fire that spread up onto the ceiling. He waved the smoke away.
It was too late.
At least he had the necklace. He patted his pocket and ran back outside, slamming the door shut behind him. He bent over on the deck, heaving and coughing.
She rushed to him. “Are you okay?” Her white dress had patches of soot along the front, and her feet were bare.
He nodded between coughs. His lungs stung like he’d inhaled bits of fire and his mouth dried. He wiped his face with the T-shirt, then slipped it over his head.
“You could have been killed!”
“I had to try,” he said. He coughed and bent over, trying to gulp in a fresh breath.
“Where’s the painting?”
“Gone.”
“Oh, no.” She put her hand over her mouth. “I’m sorry!”
A loud crash sounded, and he grabbed her and pulled her to him. Part of the roof collapsed into itself, almost in slow motion, and dozens of small fireballs shot into the sky as sparks showered down like hot rain.
“We’ve got to get off this deck.” He looked out to the dark beach. “It could crumble at any moment—and no telling if downstairs is on fire.”
She looked up at him, her eyes full of tears. “My shop. I’ll lose everything.”
“It’s a big fire. Let’s get to a safe place. Your shop can be replaced.” He tugged her forward toward the steps. “This way.” He saw only darkness downstairs. Maybe the fire hadn’t made it down there yet.
They scurried down the steps and out onto the boardwalk leading to the beach. They almost reached the beach stairs when he stopped.
Shit. Shit. Shit.
“Come on,” she said. “This is no time to be afraid of the ocean. We’ve got to get away from the fire.”
“I’m going to run and see if I can get the fire department. I left my cell in the bedroom. I doubt service has been restored anyway.” Heat from the blaze washed over them as the breeze blew in. He needed to hurry, or there would be nothing left to save. No bar, no shop.
“Are the firemen back on the island?” she asked. “Didn’t they leave for the storm?”
“Maybe they will be by now. Emergency personnel would be the first to return. Go down onto the beach and wait for me. I need to go.”
“I want to go with you.” She covered her mouth as a large fireball shot up from the roof in a plume of orange heat.
“I can go faster on my own. You wait for me near the pier. Or what’s left of it.”
“Go, then!” She headed for the steps, then ran back and hugged him. “Hurry!”
He took off running around the side of the building. If only the power were back on, or if they had cell service. Maybe he’d reach someone who could help in time. He ran to the edge of the parking lot and turned to look back.
At least half of the bar roof was aflame. Adrenaline shot through him. He’d decided to keep it all—and now he was going to lose everything. 
Fuck. Deep breath. Biceps, Triceps… One, two, three. He blew out the breath and ran.
He stumbled in the darkness as he made his way to the barren street. No sign of life anywhere. This end of the island was completely empty. Would the firemen be at the small station? Had they come back to the island yet? What if… No, he couldn’t think that way.
He ran. Sharp stones cut his feet, but he continued. The station was less than a quarter mile ahead and he could reach it in a few minutes. The island was dark. No lights, no cars, nothing. A void of empty homes and shattered windows. How ironic that his bar was the only thing lit up.
He paused to get his bearings. The ice cream shop. He was almost there. He stopped. How did the bar catch on fire? And what were the chances it would happen tonight? He’d put out the candles. He remembered doing it.
Fuck. Something didn’t feel right. 
Inna.
Anger bubbled up, replacing the acidic burn of fear. Of course Inna set the fire. It was the kind of low-life thing he would do. He didn’t care about Mari.
Oh, God. Mari. He’d left her alone on the beach.
With Inna.
Damn saving the bar, he had to get back to the beach. He ran.


Chapter Twenty-Four
“Let go of me,” Mari tried to pull away, but Inna held her arm tightly. “You’re hurting me.” She kicked sand at him, hoping to hit him in the face, but he didn’t let go.
“If you’d be still, it wouldn’t hurt.” He held her other arm and breathed down into her face. “Calm down.”
She huffed, then stilled. Damn him. He knew she couldn’t best him physically, and he was a pig for using his strength against her. She glared. Even with the forgiving coral hues of dawn, Inna looked scary and mean, his face a sickly pink-orange and his brows drawn into a scowl.
“Good girl, that’s better. Now sit.” He shoved her to the sand and crouched over her. “Make no mistake, if you run, I will chase you. And I will catch you. You don’t want that.”
“I hate you.”
He laughed. “That doesn’t matter. You will bear my children and sit at my side. I don’t care how you feel about me.” He pushed his long braid over his shoulder. “I’ll get what I want, and if you’re smart, you’ll keep your mouth shut and try to enjoy it.”
She drew her knees up and circled them with her arms, squeezing as tight as she could. “You’re a monster.”
He looked out over the ocean then turned to her. “I’m no more monster than you. You slept with someone while betrothed to someone else. Only a monster would do that.”
“I love him.” She sniffled. “I will always love him.”
“I know. It makes me sick.” He spat on the ground. “Chase should have died in that fire.”
Ice shot through her chest and out her arms to her fingertips as realization settled in her gut. “You set the fire?”
Inna smiled.
“We could have died!” Did the brute have no feelings? No empathy? She scooted back in the sand, trying to put a little distance between them. A brisk gust of wind hit her in the face.
He stepped closer. “I had hoped Chase would die. He’s been nothing but a problem. You would have been collateral damage if I hadn’t been able to rescue you. I was coming in the bar when I saw you and Chase stumble out of the bedroom. His bedroom.”
“We’re going to be together. I’m not ever marrying you. Wait until my mother hears about you trying to kill me.”
“I’m not afraid of your mother. She owes me and she knows it. Why do you think she’s making you marry me?” He laughed.
Bastard. “What are you talking about?”
He rubbed his chin then looked down at her. “Let’s simply say your father made a bet and lost. And your mother is holding up his end of the bargain, as she should. Oh, you’ll marry me all right, and you’ll hope that’s all I require in terms of repayment.”
She struggled to her feet. The wet sand clung to her and she wiped off the back of her dress as she tried to control her growing anger. Inna wasn’t going to mess things up with Chase. It didn’t matter what her mother had promised him, or what her father owed him. He would not win.
She shoved him. He rolled onto his back in the sand, laughing.
“I’m done with you.” Tears streaked down her face. “Look at that.” She pointed to the bar. Flames shot high out of the roof, illuminating half the beach. “My shop will be a complete loss. And the bar. Chase and Luke worked hard. And you laugh about it. You’re a coward and a bastard and I’ve never hated anyone as much as I hate you.” She swiped away the tears. 
Was this the end?
He brushed the sand from his back. “I might have considered letting Chase move away if you’d asked me nicely.” He shook his head. “But not now that I know you love him. He must die.”
“I’m leaving.” She stomped off toward the pier. The colors of dawn streaked across the sky like waves. The sun would be up soon. “Don’t follow me.”
“You aren’t going anywhere. Come back here.”
She ignored him and kept walking, kicking at the sand in defiance with every step. She had to get rid of him before Chase came back.
“I said stop. Or I will kill you now.” His voice rumbled over the beach.
“Do it,” she said through gritted teeth. “Stop with the threats and do it.” She heard him approach, then felt his thick hands yank at her shoulders.
“Why are you obstinate?” He stared into her eyes and she frowned and squirmed to escape.
He grabbed her hair and pulled tight, forcing her to look at him. “If you don’t do exactly as I tell you, I will torture and kill Chase right before your eyes. I’m not sure why I’m feeling charitable, but if you want him to have any chance at a life after this mess, you better listen up. This is your only chance.”
“What do you want?” Her eyes stung with tears of pain, and she winced. “How can I save Chase?”
“That’s better.” He loosened his hold on her hair. “First, don’t run. Listen.”
A cool wave slid over her feet and her tail throbbed. She could change in a flash and swim away from Inna before he had a chance to think. But no, then he’d go after Chase and kill him. She wiggled her toes in the wet sand. “What do you want?” she repeated.
He took a step back and she crossed her arms.
“I will spare Chase…”
She took a breath.
“If you marry me. Willingly.”
“Fine.”
“Fine? Why are you giving in so easily?” He squinted. “No tricks. You have to marry me and live as my wife completely of your own accord. No more shit. You got it?”
“I got it.” She swallowed the lump in her throat. “I’ll do it.” She had to save Chase, no matter what.
“And you have to tell him you don’t love him—never did.” He smirked. “That he was a last fling before our marriage. Then, you have to convince him to go—buy his farm or cows or whatever. And never come back to the island—never contact you. Or else.”
She raised her hand to her mouth. Tears flowed freely now. “That’s cruel, even for you.” She tugged at her hair. 
“I’m not cruel, I’m trying to get what I want. What I deserve. You’ve been cruel to me. You’ve humiliated me, and you’ll spend the rest of your life making it up to me.” He pulled her close. “Kiss me.”
She closed her mouth and shook her head.
“I said, kiss me!” He kissed her with bruising force, and she cried out. He shoved her away. “You will learn to obey. And you better learn soon. Now listen to me, or I will kill Chase today.”
She looked up at him, aware that he must see the terror in her eyes. “Okay,” she whispered. “I’m listening. I’ll do what you say.”
“That’s better.” He crossed his arms and paced. “Chase will be back soon. I’ll hide in the dune grass—I want to hear you break his heart. Make sure I can.”
She twisted at her fingers and nodded. What would Chase think? He’d be hurt and angry. He’d be crushed at her perceived deception.
“If there are any tricks,” he continued, “I’ll kill you both. No more chances.”
She sobbed. What could she do? Nothing in her life had ever prepared her for such meanness and cruelty. That happened to other people. She wanted to live and love.
“Once he’s gone, you and I will swim home and tell your mother you’re ready for the wedding. And this nightmare will be over.” Inna reached out to touch her face, but Mari jerked away. “No more land, no more store, or silly human things. Understand?”
She pursed her lips. “Yes.”
“Let’s get ready.” He set off toward the dunes and she watched him walk away, the bar alight in dusky morning. Flames licked at the pre-dawn sky and heat radiated from the structure. Nothing would be left after she told Chase she didn’t love him.
Nothing.
Not a single thing to remind her of the time spent loving him.



Chapter Twenty-Five
Chase jogged down the last stretch of road, his legs burning from exertion. He had to get to Mari. 
Inna might have her already. He ran.
He could see more fire than bar, and he knew it was over. A total loss for sure. He’d think about that later. Right now, he had to get to Mari. He cut through the beach access beside his bar and headed down the boardwalk to the stairs. 
The sky was pink and orange but not as vibrant as the flames behind him. The water lapped at the shore and he stopped at the stairs down on the sand. She had shoveled them off that morning, and they led right out onto the sandy beach.
Close to the water. His breathing hitched. One, two, three…
He looked out over the sand. Where was she? He spotted her crouched in the sand near what was left of the pier. Was she hurt?
“Mari…” he called. No response. He took one step down the stairs, closer to the sand. His legs wavered and his stomach turned to jelly. He could do this. He had to. He watched her as he tried to regulate his breathing.
The tip of the sun’s arc lifted over the horizon in a flash of light, scattering daggers of brightness over the sand.
She didn’t move.
He took a couple more steps down toward the sand. Deep breath. Only two more, and he’d be standing on the beach—near the water. His heart pounded in his throat. She stood, her back to him. In the new sunlight, he saw her body jerk and twitch. She was crying. He looked back at the fiery bar, which was nothing more than a blazing shell now.
Time to choose the future. Mari. She needed him. He took the two remaining steps, eyes closed. When his bare feet hit the cool sand, he pitched forward and landed on his knees.
Quivering, he opened his eyes. About a fourth of the sun’s disk peeked over the horizon and the sky flamed with pigment. The colors reflected onto the ocean’s surface, creating the illusion of a shifting landscape. He had to make it to her. Ignore the giant ocean out in front of him. It was water, nothing more. He’d given it power over him and it was time to take that power back.
He stood, wiped off his hands, and willed his feet to move. Step by step, he drew closer. A seagull screeched overhead, startling him. He caught his breath, then moved closer to the pier ruins where she stood. They’d start over. He had insurance for the bar, and he could rebuild. She could have a bigger shop and they could share an apartment. Things weren’t as bad as they seemed. Right?
She was alive and that’s all that mattered.
He gulped. He had only spent a few days with her, and he was planning to share his life with her. Whatever had happened, whatever breakthrough he’d had, he was happy about it. He took a few more steps toward the water, the cool sand enveloping his feet. He and Mari were meant to be together. They could overcome anything.
“Mari,” he called again.
She turned, and he saw the misery in her face. The sun, half-risen and bright, glowed behind her head like an orange halo, outlining the edges of her hair in bright relief.
He could make this all better, and then his beautiful Mari would be smiling, not sad. He held out his arms to her and she moved toward him, wooden and plodding. What was wrong with her? She motioned him to follow, and she made her way closer to the dunes and away from the water.
He followed, though having the sea at his back was not comforting. Their shadows stretched across the beach as they walked in silence. She stopped and turned to face him, tears running down her cheeks and her eyes hollow.
“What’s wrong?” he whispered. “It’s going to be okay. We can rebuild—”
“Let me talk.” Her mouth barely moved as she spoke. What the hell had happened while he was gone?
He scanned the beach, looking for Inna. No sign of the asshole. He rubbed his hands together. “What is it?” The ocean breeze lifted her sundress and sent it flapping against her thigh and it was all he could do to keep from reaching for her.
“This isn’t easy.” She searched the ocean for a few seconds, and he waited on her to continue. “You need to leave the island, Chase. For good. There’s nothing here for you anymore.”
“I want you with me.”
“You have to leave without me. The bar is gone. Move out west like you planned. Forget me. Forget us. Forget any of this ever happened.”
“Why?” He moved toward her, but she ducked her head and sidestepped him. “This is crazy! I want to be with you, and I thought you wanted to be with me.”
“It’s for the best. Go, and don’t ever look back. Promise me.” Her expression pleaded with him.
“No.” He kicked at the sand. “I won’t lose you. Not after all we’ve been through.”
She looked into his eyes and he saw a deep sadness in hers. “Leave, Chase. Please.”
“Come with me, then. We’ll start anew somewhere else. I’m sorry your shop is gone. But we can rebuild, somewhere. As long as I’m with you, everything will be fine.”
“No, we can’t be together. Ever again. I’m sorry.”
“What’s changed? I thought we had something special. I thought we had a chance to make this work. You and me. I love you.”
She wiped her eyes then looked at him with a blank stare, her whole body trembling. “I don’t love you, Chase. Our time together meant nothing. It was a fling. Please go.”
“Dammit!” He held his head as his world closed in. “I don’t believe you.”
“It’s true. I wanted a fling, nothing more.”
It hadn’t been all in his head and he knew it. She did care for him. They did have something special. “No. I felt you under me, the way your body responded. It wasn’t sex, Mari. It was love.”
“I’m marrying Inna,” she said. “Please don’t make this more difficult than it already is.”
Darkness, despite the sun dawning over the sea, crashed over him and took him under. He struggled to breathe, gasping to take a breath. One, two…He flexed his muscles. Triceps. Biceps… The darkness would not win. He’d fight it, fight for her. But not today. If she wanted him gone, then so be it.
For now.
She reached for him and touched his arm and his tattoo burned like she’d touched him with a torch. He yanked away. “I thought we were more,” he said. “But if you want me to go, I will. But I’ll wait for you. You’ll realize we are meant to be together.”
He turned to head toward the stairs, then took one last look back at her. She turned from him, and the full sun, sitting on the rim of the horizon, cast her shadow all the way to where he stood. He reached to touch it and only caught air. He kicked at the sand and walked away.


Chapter Twenty-Six
Inna’s laughter sounded from the dune grass. Mari refused to turn around. Her chest ached with the pain she’d caused Chase. She spat at the sunrise. She’d never enjoy one again. But at least he was safe from Inna now. He could find someone else to love and cherish. She’d keep her bargain with Inna and be his bride.
A long howl sounded behind her and she whirled to see Inna on top of Chase in the sand. What the hell? Chase hadn’t made it to the stairs. The men pummeled each other, and she ran toward them.
“Inna,” she screamed. “Leave him alone!” She clenched her fists. What stupidity had made her think Inna wouldn’t take the opportunity to kill Chase while he was defenseless on the beach? No matter what his promise was, why did she trust him? He’d wanted to see Chase’s heart broken, then kill him.
The realization tore her open.
The men rolled in the sand, punching each other at any opportunity. Chase grunted as Inna got him into a headlock.
“Stop it, Inna! You promised you wouldn’t hurt him. You promised!”
“And you believed me?” Inna tightened his grip and Chase struggled to break free. “I thought you were smarter than that.” He braced himself and choked Chase.
Chase tried to pry Inna’s hands away. Inna held on and Chase sputtered.
“You bastard!” She leaped on Inna’s back and he shook her off with ease.
“You can watch him die.” He clamped down harder on Chase’s neck. “And I will hold on until I feel his last breath.”
“No, oh no!” She pulled at Inna’s arms. Chase had gone limp and his mouth hung slightly open. “Let him go!” she screamed. Oh gods, this was the end.
“Not until he’s dead,” Inna growled. His ponytail swung under the power of his exertion.
Splashing sounded from the waves and Inna looked out over the water and his eyes grew wide. Mari turned to see what he stared at.
“Mom!” she yelped, jumping up and running toward the water. “Stop him! He’ll kill Chase. Please, stop him!”
Her mother walked out of the water, flanked by guards.
“Hurry!” Mari pleaded.
“Inna,” her mother’s voice sounded across the sand, authoritative and firm. “Let the human go.”
“No,” Inna said. “I deserve to feel his death. It is owed to me.”
“Mom!”
Her mother raised a hand and pointed to Inna. “Detain him.”
Inna let Chase drop to the ground. “You wouldn’t dare,” he said.
“Try me.”
The guards separated the men and Mari rushed to Chase. “Will he be okay?”
“Looks like he passed out,” the guard said. “He’s moving. Give him a few minutes.”
“You owe me,” Inna said. “How dare you arrest me?”
“I don’t owe you any longer. My staff has researched the so-called bet. It is a lie.”
“What?” Mari turned to her mother. The naked woman stood tall, her deep-brown hair reaching to her ankles. 
Inna struggled and the guards shoved him to the ground, face-first.
“Yes, daughter. My sentinels told me about the fire at the bar and I was coming to see if you needed help. Looks like you did.” 
“You’re spying on me?” Mari set her jaw. She should have expected it.
“I haven’t heard a word from you since the storm. I sent sentinels to check on you. Good thing I did. Looks like you’ve been wreaking havoc on the human world.”
“It’s been Inna, not me”
“I think it’s time you came home.” Her mother held her hand out.
Mari shook her head.
“Told you she wanted you home,” Inna muttered.
“No.” Mari stroked Chase’s face. “This is my home now. I need to take care of Chase.”
“You needed my help with this one.” Mari’s mother pointed to Inna. 
“Inna set the bar fire.” Mari stuck out her chin. “He wanted to kill me and Chase.”
“Liar,” Inna yelled. He jumped up and started toward her, but the guards held him back.
“Don’t speak to my daughter with disrespect. My patience with you is…gone.”
“She’s to be mine. I claim the right.”
“No, never.” Mari cradled Chase’s head in her lap. “Inna’s been murdering people and getting away with it in the name of revenge. He thinks Chase is responsible for his great-something-grandmother’s death.”
“Amelia?” her mother asked. “I thought he’d let that go.”
The sun brightened and Mari shielded her eyes. The odor of the bar burning had spread down on the beach and the faint tendrils of smoke stung her eyes. It was now or never.
“Amelia wasn’t murdered.”
“What happened?”
 “She wanted to be with the privateer named Christopher, but they had to fake her abduction so that she could be with him. They had a son. Chase is his descendant.”
Chase stirred and Mari ran her hand over his face. “What’s going on?” he murmured, and sat up, coughing. His nose was a bit out of place and drops of blood had spattered his shirt.
“I’m telling my mother about Amelia and Christopher. The truth.”
“What?” He rubbed his face and groaned.
“Lies.” Inna scowled and the guards held his arms as he pulled against them.
“No. Chase is a descendant of that son of Amelia’s. He’s part merman.”
“Huh?” Chase rubbed his head. 
“You’re Amelia’s descendant. Ask my mom, the queen. She’ll confirm it.”
Chase stared at the woman. “This isn’t exactly the introduction I wanted with your mother… Umm, why is she naked?”
“Oh, Chase, I love you!” She kissed him on the forehead and then turned to her mother. “Inna’s been killing off Chase’s family for years. His brother Luke…”
“I’ll kill him!” Chase scrambled to his feet and then fell back onto the sand. “You knew killed my brother and you didn’t tell me?”
Mari nodded. “You wouldn’t have believed me at the time. Remember when I told you I was a mermaid? Well,” she waved her arm, indicating everyone around him. “We’re all merfolk.”
“Uh huh.” Chase paused. “I see. I really did hit my head hard, didn’t I? Next thing you’ll tell me is that you can talk to seagulls, and they talk back.”
“No, I can’t talk to birds,” Mari ran her hand through Chase’s hair. “That part isn’t true. Mermaids can’t talk to birds any more than humans can.”
Chase paused. “So, all the stories I heard about Christopher and Amelia…”
“Are true.” Mari squeezed his shoulder. “I know it’s a lot to take in. But Amelia was a mermaid. And Christopher loved her enough to sacrifice everything for her.”
Chase held his head in his hands. “If Luke could be here to hear all this, he would think it was the coolest thing ever. Or the craziest.”
“He would.”
“Inna was killing off his own relatives?” her mother asked. “Is this true?”
“Yes,” Mari said. “Distant relatives, but still related. He murdered them in cold blood.”
“This is all crazy.” Chase rubbed his face. “You’re telling me I’m related to that giant squid over there?” He pointed in Inna’s direction.
Inna pushed, trying to get free.
“Yes. And now that Inna knows you’re family, he will lift his revenge plot,” Mari said. “Everything is going to be okay.”
“If you’d told me all this a week ago, I’d never have believed you.”
“It’s only because you are part mer that you can adapt so easily.” The queen lowered her voice. “I’m glad to welcome you to your sea family. Mari, you can fill him in on what this all means?”
Mari nodded. 
“This is bullshit.” Inna spat. “You think I didn’t know that Chase was related to me? Of course I knew. I was in it for the sport—until you fell for him. Then, it became personal.”
Mari swallowed hard. “You were worried he or one of his relatives would take the leadership of the tribe since they are direct lineage, and you are…”
“Not.” Chase laughed.
Inna growled.
“Amelia went willingly with the pirate?” her mother asked. “She wasn’t kidnapped. You must realize this is far from the story we have been told.”
“They fell in love.”
“It’s pretty far-fetched.” Mari’s mother put her hands on her hips.
“And being a mermaid isn’t?” Chase looked up. 
“At least the story you were told is true.” Mari’s mother smiled. 
“I guess we both have a lot to learn.”
“What’s that tattoo on your arm?” she pointed.
“A tentacle. It appeared right after my brother was killed. I’m not sure how I got it.”
“Not that one,” she said. “That one.”
Mari leaned over to see. A small mermaid swam near the tentacle—a mermaid with long pale hair, holding a pink starfish.
“I…I…don’t know where that came from. Unless there’s a ghost tattoo artist around the island, I swear I don’t know where these tattoos keep coming from.”
Mari smiled.
“You do, don’t you, Mari? You know the significance of that tattoo.” Her mother turned to her. 
Mari pulled down the edge of her sundress. Her pink starfish was gone. Chase stared at the edge of her breast, then down at his arm where the little mermaid held the pink starfish.
“How?” he stammered. “This makes no sense at all.”
Inna snorted but didn’t move.
Mari shrugged. “I don’t know how, but I do know it means we’re destined to be together. It’s a mermaid thing.”
“Well, I could’ve told you we’re meant to be together, without a tattoo.” Chase smiled and held his arms out to her. She leaned into him, relishing the warmth and safety of his hug. She closed her eyes. Gods, she was exhausted.
“Well, that’s enough evidence for me,” her mother said. 
“And Inna? You’ll listen to me or you won’t appreciate what happens next. The dungeon caves haven’t needed to be used in a long time, but they are still available if you take one step out of line. I’ll be watching.” She motioned to the guards. “Let him go.”
“This isn’t the end…” Inna said.
“It is. Or it will be for you.”
Inna stalked off toward the shallows. As he slipped into the ocean, he shifted into a dark, tentacled beast and slithered into the deeper water.
Chase jumped to his feet. “He…” Chase paced. “He did kill my brother. I’ll kill him—chop off every tentacle and feed him to the sharks. I’ll…”
“Let it go, Chase.” Mari put her arms around his waist and lay her head on his back. “He’s your cousin, but we never have to see him again. We’ve got to move forward now, not look back.”
“I’ll post guards near the beach,” her mother said. 
“Thank you,” Mari said.
“How do we know he won’t come back?” Chase peered out over the calm ocean. “He’s out there. Waiting.”
“I’ve got some tricks,” Mari’s mother said. “Until I can implement them, you’ll have sentinels watching over you and your home. Inna won’t bother you again.”
“Thank you.” Chase took a deep breath.
The queen shielded her eyes and looked to the bar, now simmering and smoking. “Looks like you lost it all,” she said. “What will you do now?”
Mari squeezed Chase.
“Rebuild,” he said. “As soon as possible.” He lifted Mari’s hands off his waist and turned to her. Reaching into his pocket, he pulled out the pearl necklace. 
“Amelia’s necklace…” the queen whispered.
“Chase?” Mari covered her mouth.
“It’s for you. It was always meant to be yours. I told you that you were my mermaid. I love you.”
“I love you too.”
He lowered the necklace around her neck, and she lifted her hair so he could fasten it.
She felt the necklace’s energy flowing into her and she took a deep breath and looked out over the placid sea. The storm, and all its destruction, was gone. Only sunny skies as far as she could see. And even though the sea held darkness, the land did too. Together, she and Chase could take on whatever came their way.
“I need one more thing,” Chase said. “And then everything will be perfect.”
She turned to him. “Anything.”
“Swimming lessons. I’m a little afraid of the water, and what kind of merman does that make me?”
She started laughing, but he captured her mouth with his kiss.


The End

ABOUT THE AUTHOR 
USA Today bestselling author Kerry Adrienne loves history, science, music, and art. She’s a mom to more cats than children and she loves live music, traveling, and staying up all night to try and count the stars. She writes romance (paranormal, m/m, historical, time travel, and more), science fiction, and fantasy. In addition to writing books, she’s also a college instructor, artist, anime/manga and historical costumer, editor, and bad guitar player.

Find out more about Kerry Adrienne here:
Website: http://kerryadrienne.com/
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/authorkerryadrienne
Twitter: @kerryadrienne
Instagram: @kerryadrienne
Please sign up for her newsletter here:
https://www.subscribepage.com/kerryadrienne
Contests, fun stuff, and news! (and cats! Lots of cats!)


ALSO BY KERRY ADRIENNE

Monsters of Paris series (coming soon)

The Orb of Oriste:
Raven’s Game 
Dragon Myst (coming soon)
Dragon Storm (coming soon)
Dragon Ember (coming soon)
 
Shifter Wars:
Waking the Bear
Pursuing the Bear
Taming the Lion
Claiming His Lioness

DSD (with Lia Davis):
Dragon Undercover
Snowed Undercover
Captain Undercover (coming soon)

All Mine Series:
Senator, Mine
Druid, Mine
Pharaoh, Mine
All Mine: 1Night Stand Collection

Gallant Gentleman’s Guild (G3):
Artist’s Touch
Sculptor’s Desire

Black Hills Wolves Series (shared world, Decadent Publishing):
The Wolf and the Butterfly

Standalones:
Beautiful One
Double Eclipse
Auld Lang Syne
Cruise Control
The Guardian of Blackbird Inn
Saving His Wolf
Ghost in a Bottle (with Lia Davis)
First Contact (with Lia Davis)

Anthologies:
Beefcake m/m authors (Artemis Wolffe)
Unconditional Surrender
Box of 1Night Stands: 17 Sizzling Nights
Spring Fever: Shifters in Love
Come Undone: Romance Stories Inspired by the Music of Duran Duran
Wicked: Erotic Paranormal Romance Vol 3
Wicked Legends
Starstruck Holidays: A MM Sci-Fi Holiday Romance Anthology
Mated: A Paranormal Romance Shifter Anthology
Scorched: Thirteen Dragon Shifter Paranormal Romance Standalones




 

