I bloody love this song. The bass line kicks arse. It’s like heroin, or at least how I imagine the opiate would feel hitting your bloodstream at a million decibels.
I’m throbbing and thrumming as Carlos D liquefies my insides on this track, growling at me as he snaps his strings and threatens to eat me alive.
Classic Interpol, man. Fucking aural heroin, this band.
Music is my life.
It’s the thing I wrap around me when darkness descends. It’s the shield I hold up when my enemies are at the gate. It’s my laughter and my tears, my greatest joy, and the absolute expression of my pain.
Music is my one and only love. Which is why my job is so important to me. It’s the only thing that has ever truly been mine, and I wouldn’t give it up for the wide world. Not for anyone.
Which means Garrett and I are done. At long last.
When I left his apartment tonight to drive to work, he didn’t say goodbye. Neither did I. After the conversation we’d had about the future, our future or the lack of one, goodbye seemed redundant. When someone tells you they’ve had it all and done it all, and feel no need for more when you’re still reaching for every goddamned thing life can offer, what is there left to say?
“We want different things, Frankie,” he’d said, and it hadn’t come as a surprise.
I was a pit stop for Garrett. Deep down, I’d always known. He was the first guy I really connected with when I moved to Philadelphia from Glasgow. We were friends for a few years, dancing around the attraction before he finally let me suck him off in a Home Depot carpark. An inauspicious beginning, to be sure.
And even though I’ve always claimed not to believe in happily-ever-afters, I still thought, maybe he and I would eventually… I don’t know.
Well, it doesn’t bloody well matter what I thought, now does it? We’re done. But I still have my music. Always that.
I pull into the pockmarked lot outside the 91.9 WKMP studios and kill the engine of my 1978 AMC Gremlin. I love this little car. My mates think I’m crazy to drive such an old clunker, but it suits me. This two-door hatchback is an under-appreciated classic. It’s a car most people would call ugly, but I love every inch of it.
Right, okay, so the passenger window doesn’t roll all the way down, the back glass has a long, ragged crack in it, and it burns through petrol like a motherfucker, but it’s all mine. This car gets me.
I guess I have two things, then.
The only upgrade I’ve made to the Gremlin is the sound system, removing the old cassette rigging and adding a CD player with an input jack for my mobile phone.
I carry gigabytes of music on my person at all times. For emergency situations, you see. You never know when you might need a bit of Janelle Monae or Red Hot Chili Peppers. Or the perfect Kinky track. My music library has gotten me out of a lot of sticky social situations. And it’s gotten me laid.
It also got me my gig as a disc jockey.
The air is thick and humid as I step out of the car. It’s only May, but the sun’s been nipping at the ripening peach of summer, eager to take a bite. I leave my window down a smidgen - lest I return to a portable sauna in the morning - and double-check that I’ve set the brake before I grab my backpack, lock up the car, and head up to the one-story, brick building.
Once, I forgot to set the damned brake and came out from my shift to find my car at the bottom of the hill, almost in the middle of Main Street. Not pretty.
I’m in a reflective mood tonight, it seems. It’ll make for an interesting set. Maybe some Joy Division, a little Sigur Ros, a bit of Bilal, definitely James Blake.
“Yo, Frankie, how’s it going?”
“Hey, Mario.” I greet WKMP’s general manager as he sets a crate of records on the ground and unlocks his 2012 VW Golf. “You need help with that?”
Mario shakes his head, his jowls jiggling. He’s a jolly sort. A kind of Sicilian Santa Claus.
“Nah, I’m good,” he replies in his thick, Northeast Philly accent. “I culled some duplicates from the archive, thought I’d give ‘em to the library.”
The streetlights glint off his wire-rimmed glasses as he opens his car door and sets the crate on the back seat.
Despite my offer to help, I’d never paused my stride, and I’m almost to the front door when he yells out a goodnight.
“You too,” I reply over my shoulder, as he starts his engine. As soon as my hand touches the door, I release a sigh. My anxiety pinches my lungs sometimes, and just being in this nondescript, one-story building soothes me.
When I first landed on America’s shores, I’d had high hopes of becoming a music journalist. It wasn’t long before I realized what an antiquated notion that was. The most I could have expected, following that path, was to run a popular blog. Or maybe freelance for HuffPo or some other aggregate site where the news cycles faster than a flushing toilet.
It was pure luck that a friend told me about WKMP, one of the last independent stations on the East Coast. They care more about music than they do about the bottom line. It’s a throwback, really. I suppose I am too. Every time I step into the booth, I send up a silent word of thanks that I found a musical home.
I love every inch of the station’s Berber-carpeted walls, flickering fluorescent lights, and early nineties décor. Despite being such a small operation, the music library is vast. I don’t only mean the millions of songs in the digital archive, someone in the station’s history had hoarded vinyl like it was going out of style. Which I suppose, in retrospect, it had. Nearly every wall is lined with floor-to-ceiling shelves filled with LPs. I’ve spent innumerable hours browsing through them, uncovering old gems and discovering new favorites.
WKMP changed my life. It probably saved me.
The icy cold air of the building’s interior grabs me by the nipples before I can even take a step inside. It feels good for about a second, and then I’m grateful I’ve tied a hoodie around my waist. I’m going to need it. I’m also blinded by the neon pink cardigan our receptionist is wearing.
“Well ‘ello there, Gayle.  Yer burning the midnight oil tonight, aren’t ye?” I’m laying the accent on a wee bit thick, I know, but Gayle eats it up.
Five-feet-nothing, she’s the mother hen of our operation. I wouldn’t call her a receptionist, though that is her formal title. Gayle Green is more of an admiral. She keeps WKMP running as tight as a ship, and I love her for it. We all do.
She glances up from whatever she’s filing, hair askew, and flashes me a deep-dimpled smile. Her white teeth practically light up the room.
“Stop that,” she chides. “It’s so not fair.”
“You never know,” I tell her as I walk by. “I may switch teams one of these days, just for you.”
That earns me a deep chuckle. I walk backward, watching as her creamy, sepia-toned cheeks plump with embarrassment. I know she’d take me up on any offer I made her, and she knows I know. I get a perverse thrill out of it that unnerves me.
I’m being a particular brand of asshole tonight, and I’m not sure how I feel about that.
I drop the flirtation. “Anything I should know before my shift?”
She smooths her graying hair back from her face, recovering from my onslaught of Scottish charm. “We’re starting that renovation on Studio A, so I put you in B tonight.
“Oh?”
Fuck, I hate Studio B. It’s about a third of the size of the A room. I’m not claustrophobic, but that booth is enough to make me so. I also hate the fact that someone will be in my space tonight. I was really looking forward to being alone. To diving deep down into the music and only surfacing when my shift was done.
But the studios have needed working on for a long time, and I’m glad our last fundraiser was enough to at least start on it.
“Will it be loud, or can I leave the door open?” I try to keep my annoyance out of my voice.
“I’ll leave you to negotiate that with John,” Gayle answers as she gathers her things to go.
“John?”
“The contractor. I’d introduce you, but I’m running late. Dyer’s back there.” Gayle is moving fast, tossing things haphazardly into her enormous purse.
“Hot date?” I tease.
“Apparently, I have to make cookies for a bake sale at Dina’s school tomorrow.”
“This late at night?”
Gayle snorts. “Tell me about it. She forgot to inform me, and the babysitter wants to charge me extra to get things started before I get home.”
“Couldn’t you just buy some sweets at the shop?”
Gayle pauses when she reaches the door and looks at me like I’m out of my head. “What kind of mom do you think I am?”
“A perfect one?” I grin, and she smiles, winking at me.
“Exactly.” With that, she’s out the door, and I’m alone.
Or, not alone. I hear voices coming from down the hall, and I follow the sound to studio A.
“If I were working normal hours, and with a crew, it would only take a week or two, maybe three.”
The voice is rich and warm and sends an erratic spike of adrenaline into my bloodstream. As the chatter continues, I quiet my steps and slow down. I don’t know why, except that maybe I want whoever it is to keep talking.
“It’s really cool of you to take this on alone. You have to be busy other projects and the teaching gig.”
That’s Dyer. I’d recognize his voice even if I didn't know he was on-air before me tonight. He has a quintessential DJ sound, polished, friendly, and a little manic. Dyer’s blond hair comes into view as I reach the doorway. His slight frame is utterly dwarfed by the other man in the room. John, I presume.
John’s back is to me, so I only see wide shoulders stretching the hell out of a thin, white tee and a mop of auburn hair that brushes his nape before my eyes travel down to his trim waist and round ass.
Dyer smiles when he sees me mischief in his eyes. “There he is. The man of the hour.”
“Hey, D.” I step into the room, and John turns to face me. 
I won’t say it’s lust at first sight, but there is something alluring about the man. He looks like he has a delicious secret on the tip of his tongue, and his warm, bourbon-colored eyes almost invite you to discover it. Almost.
“Frank Llewellyn, this is John Burton. He’s doing the reno.”
Burton holds out a bear paw for me to shake. Seriously, his hands are enormous. His skin is warm to the touch. His fingers are a little calloused, though less than I would have thought for a man that worked with his hands. I mean, they’re not so calloused that I wouldn’t want them on my bare skin.
While I’m ruminating on this, he greets me.
“It’s nice to meet you, Frank.”
John’s voice is rich, almost decadent, though decidedly more reserved than the one I’d heard booming down the hallway a few moments ago. I’d might even call it shy. His gaze hovers between friendly and cautious, but his handshake is firm.
“Call me Frankie.” I release his hand. “Everyone else does.”
“Frankie, then.” A little more warmth in his tone now. I like it a lot.
He’s tall. Taller than me, which isn’t saying much. I’m nearing six feet, but John Burton’s got a good five inches on me, at least. His shoulders look even more impressive from the front, and I want to send a gift basket to whoever made that shirt. It licks over his muscles, clinging to all the best bits.
His face is too broad to be pretty, and his cheeks too round to be chiseled, but it’s damned hard not to stare. Especially into those amber eyes. My lord.
“Whelp, I’m out,” Dyer proclaims. “I’ve queued up an eight-minute New Order track after this song, so you’ve got about twelve minutes to get settled in. You have your playlist?”
I’m already flipping through the vinyl on the shelves. “You know how I work, D.”
Dyer smiles, tossing the strap of his messenger bag over his head. “I know, mad genius. Do your thing, I’ll be tuning in.”
“You’ll be passed out in twenty,” I retort. Dyer lives just a few streets over.
“Probably,” he agrees, laughing.
I hear him exchange a few more words with John, and then he’s off, and we’re alone.
Dyer’s left me in good shape. Just as She Wants Revenge ends, it segues into Blue Monday, and I know I have eight minutes and seventeen seconds, give or take, to get myself in gear. This is my kingdom, my domain.
I tried club DJing once or twice and, I admit, there is a thrill in controlling the energy of a dance floor. All those sweaty bodies writhing and pumping to a rhythm I set. But there’s an even bigger high knowing that I’m in someone’s home, in their car, in their ears, and I can be my best self.
I can control their moods, their dreams. It’s a bloody rush. And I’m not gonna lie, I get off on living vicariously through others. The idea that people are sleeping to my soundtrack. Dreaming to it. Fucking to it.
“What sort of music do you play?” John asks, startling me out of my thoughts.
Studio A is a mess with tools and supplies strewn about the floor. John’s taking measurements of some kind, stretching his arms wide with the tape and then scribbling in a notepad. Every time he reaches the top of a wall stud, his shirt rides up a little. It’s a distraction.
Annoyed, I move to the shelves on the far side of the room.
“Whatever I feel in the air.” I am deliberately obtuse. Like I said, asshole mode.
But how can one explain a feeling? It’s intangible. No one ever understands my method, not even other DJs. I see John nod out of the corner of my eye, and I turn to look at him.
More measuring, more scribbling. And muttering.
Oh, joy. He’s a self-talker.
For whatever reason, he doesn’t ask me to explain any further, and I don’t offer any more information. We’re both content to get on with our work, which suits me perfectly. I can sink into the music and let everything else go.
I slip into booth B and close the door halfway. John’s muttering isn’t that loud, but I tell myself it’s what’s distracting me. Not the way his cargo pants show off the firm muscles of his thighs. 
Dyer is shorter than me, so I adjust the captain’s chair. Digging through my bag, I pull out my headphones. I need my own. It’s a thing with me. I slide them on, covering one ear entirely but leaving the other one open, just in case.
I’m ready, I whisper to the universe. Give me your secrets, love.
“You’re listening to 91.9 WKMP,” I croon into the mic just as New Order finishes. “This is Frankie L, and I’m here to take you on a journey. As always, the request lines are open, but you know the rules. Don’t ask for a song, love, just tell me your mood. Frankie knows what’s good for ya. Sit back, relax, and let me take you on my magic carpet ride.”
My voice is red velvet tonight, and my mind is sharp.
I hit my listeners with Slip by Elliott Moss, letting them know just how far down the rabbit hole I’m willing to go. After this, I have Imogen Heap on deck, an oldie-but-a-goodie called Hide and Seek. I’m already zoning, my mind conjuring up all the different ways I could go from here. I’ve forgotten all about John, and it seems as if he’s forgotten about me too.
By the time my shift ends, he’s gone.

2.
For the last week, my routine has stayed essentially the same, save for the one addition. John Burton.
He’s an enigma. Friendly enough, but he’s never as chatty with me as I’ve seen him be with others. He and Dyer seem to get on like a house on fire. Gayle adores him. Brings him freshly baked cookies. Fucking cookies!
I was grateful in the beginning that he’d gone out of his way not to be a distraction during my shifts, but I’m now I’m feeling a bit left out. When I got to work tonight, I singled him out as I entered the booth.
“‘Ello Johnny,” I’d said in my brightest voice. “How are ye this verra fine evening?”
Both Burton and Dyer had turned and looked at me like I’d sprouted tentacles. 
“Uh, hey.” John’s hesitant response had set off alarm bells. Had I been that much of a dick to him?
Now I’m thirty minutes into my shift. The phones are sort of quiet tonight, and I’m feeling a little uninspired.
John’s in the other room running electrical wire, or something. I watch him through the double-paned glass of the booth, and I can hear him through the open door. Mumbling.
I’m spinning Massive Attack. Everyone always goes for the Mezzanine album. You can thank that TV show House, M.D., for that. Teardrop is a fantastic fucking song but, if I hear it one more time, I’m going to bloody murder someone.
I dig deep into their catalog and pull up an extended mix of a track called Karmacoma. This gives me roughly seven minutes to get to know my temporary neighbor.
John’s working with a staple gun tonight, so I wait for him to get to a stopping point before I speak up. I don’t want any stray projectiles to catch either one of us unawares. Besides, it gives me time to think. I don’t really know what to say to him. Other than the work he’s doing for us, I know nothing about the man.
Again, that’s my fault, to be sure. But now I feel obligated to inquire, and I suck at engaging people face-to-face. Especially strangers. Unfortunately, I don’t have any cookies on me, so I stick with what I know. Music.
“Hey, uh, John?”

“Shit, I’m sorry,” he says, wincing.
The apology confuses me.
“Am I too loud?” John looks so guilty I feel like I should be apologizing. “I’m working slowly, so I don’t disturb you.”
“Oh, no!” I wave off his concern. “I can’t hear you at all in the other room. Really.”
This is a tiny lie. I can hear him but, for me, it all blends in with the ambient noise of the building. His banging and muttering gets lost along with the whirr of the HVAC system, the creaking pipes, and the passing cars outside. The truth is, with the door closed, I wouldn’t hear any of that at all. But it seemed downright rude to shut the door between us, so I never have. It never occurred to me that I might be hindering his progress by forcing him to keep quiet.
Great. Now I feel like shit, but I shake it off. I need a do-over, so I take a moment to study him.
John is wearing a faded, claret-colored tee tonight, and well-worn jeans. He looks…well, he looks good. Really good. Before I can stop myself, I check his finger for a ring.
“You’re fine.” I hope my voice sounds firm.
“Good,” he says with apparent relief.
John’s shoulder-length hair is pulled back, showing the strong line of his jaw. His eyebrows are dark, perfectly arched slashes above his startling eyes. Thick lashes brush his cheeks when he blinks.
I was wrong, I think, in my first assessment of him. He is rather pretty, in a rustic, Jeffrey Dean Morgan kind of way.
He eyes me warily. “Did you need something?”
“No, I just…” Want to get to know you. Wonder why Dyer and Gayle are always laughing when they’re with you. Want to know how those wine-stained lips of yours might taste. “Wondered what type of music you like.”
There’s that surprised expression again. He also looks a little skeptical. Yes, I am a bit of a music snob, but he shouldn’t know that. Not unless Dyer’s been talking.
John pulls the safety glasses off his head and runs one of those softly calloused hands through his thick hair, brushing a few escaped locks off his forehead. Every little movement fascinates me.
“Well, I like all different types.”
Typical.
This is the safest response when you’re asked this question by a DJ or musician. This answer says I don’t want to offend you by included a genre you hate or excluding a genre you love. Another popular reply is ‘I like everything but…’ fill-in-the-blank.
Trust me, if someone asks you what type of music you like, they’re looking for an actual answer. At least I am. Maybe it’s just me.
“Come on, give me more than that,” I prod, giving him a smile.
To my surprise, he returns it and the expression sits sweetly on his handsome face. It’s one I wouldn’t mind seeing more often.
“You won’t throw coins at me?”
It takes a moment for my brain to compute his question. He must see this because he continues.
“Dyer said you throw them when someone mentions a song or band that you hate.” He’s still smiling, and I’m still thrown.
“Once,” I tell him. “That happened once, at a party. And I was drunk.”
“Once, eh?”
I can’t tell if he doesn’t believe me or if he’s just teasing. I may need to have a chat with Dyer. I roll my eyes.
“Don’t dodge the question, what do you like? And if you say everything but country, I’ll smack you.”
He gives me a flash of perfect, white teeth. “Violent, aren’t you?”
God, that smile. I take it back, he needs to stop doing that. His whole face transforms with it, from brooding and mysterious, to open and inviting. Almost flirtatious.
The music draws my attention, as Martina Topley-Bird’s angelic voice gently reminds me that I’ve got about two-minutes-thirty left for this little interlude. 
“Just tell me what your mood is tonight. In one word.” It comes out in a rush. I need to move this along.
John tilts his head. One lock of hair curls over his right eye and the urge to brush it away is almost overwhelming. I don’t want anything to obscure his face from me. I feel my hand start to rise but shove it in my pocket.
He straightens. “Determined.”
“That’s a good one.”
I smile and make my way back to the booth in time to run the station identification and start the next block of songs. While Laura Mvula sings about green gardens, I find the perfect track for John’s mood. I slip it on without telling him, and when it begins, I see him look back at me over his shoulder.
I don’t know if John is a Bjork fan or not, but Army of Me definitely speaks to something inside him. The smile he gives me leaves me uncharacteristically breathless.
****
“You like to challenge me.” I say this to John when he gives me his mood for the night.
I’ve asked him this question every shift for a week now, and each time it feels like he’s throwing out words just to bait me.
One night, he was forgetful, another he was ambitious. Tonight’s is a true head-scratcher.
“What the hell does bolstered feel like?” I ask, grinning despite myself.
John pauses mid-spackle. Some of the drywall is up, and he’s taping to cover the seams. I must say, he’s damned good at what he does. The studio is coming together nicely. And quickly. I ignore the twinge of disappointment at that last thought.
“Bolstered,” he repeats. As if repeating explains everything. “Like... I have something to lean on. Like, I’m not so alone.”
Okay, I was not expecting that.
I fight to keep my smile on my face during the uncomfortable silence. Or maybe it’s only uncomfortable to me, because John’s smile is still plastered to his full mouth. I suddenly want to know a whole lot more about the man I’ve been spending my nights with, though admittedly not the way I might like to spend them with a guy this attractive.
Yes, I am attracted to John Burton. No big surprise there, I assume. He’s a very good-looking man, but there’s more to it than that. He’s comfortable. Like slipping into my favorite pair of sweatpants at the end of a long day.
Everything about John is solid, reliable. So, when this explanation falls out of his mouth, I’m more than taken aback. It feels too much like a reveal, and I don’t know what to do with that.
The thought of him feeling alone, ever, is somewhat unbearable to me. Why? I don’t know. I’ve never been particularly empathetic, and I barely know the man, but there you have it.
The silence stretches on and I still haven’t responded. John’s smile finally falters. Uncertainty fills his brown eyes, and something more. A sadness I hadn’t noticed before.
“Forget it, let’s go with…”
“No,” I hear myself say. “No, bolstered it is. Bolstered is good. I know just the song.”
John looks dubious, but he nods and goes back to taping. Occasionally he glances at the phone clipped to his hip.
I wonder who he’s waiting to hear from. A girlfriend, maybe?
Swallowing the jealousy that wants to rear its ugly head, I queue up The Cave by Mumford & Sons and watch as the lyrics reach John’s ears.
He stops and listens, his back to me. And I mean he really listens as the singer promises not to let him drown in whatever is troubling him.
When the song fades, I slide into a little Tori Amos. I look up to find John watching me.
He nods once.
I return it. And at that moment, I see him.
Maybe for the first time.
***
I’m walking along the canal behind Main Street, killing time before my shift. I’m hours early, actually, and not sure why I’ve made the drive up now.
I guess even I can tire of the city sometimes.
The water here is still and silent, green with algae and moss, and brackish in my nostrils. But it’s a peaceful walk that not many people know about. So, color me surprised when I round the bend and run into John Burton.
He greets me with a smile and holds out his hand for me to shake.
“Random,” I say by way of greeting as I take his outstretched paw. “How are things?”
“Good, thanks. And with you? Are you on tonight?”
“Yeah.” I join him at the railing. We both lean over to stare down at the green muck. “Came up early for a walk, I guess.”
Out of the corner of my eye, I see John nod.
“Not working today?” A leaf breaks off from the branch of one of the trees, and I watch it spiral down to the water’s surface and join the botanical slurry.
“I try to get the early classes, so I can be done by early afternoon.”
“Classes?”
“Substitute teacher.”
Ah. “I didn’t know you were a teacher.”
John nods.
It’s easy to picture John in front of a classroom. He’s clearly educated, and I’ve seen his patience in action. Add to that his All-American looks and his easy smile, and I wonder why he isn’t doing it full-time.
“Do you like it? Teaching?”
John’s smile is shaded with something I can’t put my finger on, but he nods again.
“I do, oddly enough. I think it’s the one thing I was put on this earth to do.”
“Not hang drywall?”
He chuckles. “No, that’s just something I learned to do at a young age. My dad was a general contractor. He put a hammer in my hand as soon as I was old enough not to smash my fingers with it.”
A laugh bursts from me. “Well, you’re good at it.”
John’s eyes crinkle at the compliment. It’s kind of adorable. “Thanks.”
“But, if you love teaching, why aren’t you doing it full-time?”
The shadow returns to John’s smile. He cuts his gaze back to the water.
“I want to. I hope to.” He kicks the broken stick laying at his feet into the creek with the toe of his boot. “I’m actually trying to earn a spot in school just outside the city. The new principal wants to bring in a history teacher.”
I turn to him and lean on the railing. 
“Is that your area of expertise?”
He nods. “Yeah, American History.”
“It’s not a subject I know much about. I had a teacher in primary school who still referred to America as ‘the colonies.’”
John’s bark of laughter is so loud it startles a few birds out of the tree canopy above us and makes my stomach flutter. I don’t think I’ve ever met anyone so ready to experience joy. Most of the people I know are cynics, or reformed cynics. John is a breath of fresh air.
“Well, I hope you get it.”
John settles and shoves his hands into his pockets. “Thanks. I hope so too. In the meantime, I try to stick to mornings at the school district.” He picks at a splinter in the wood railing. “This way I get some time between school and the work I do for you guys at the station.”
“Oh, well, that’s good,” I say, not sure of what to say. “Sounds reasonable.”
“Mmm hmm.”
We stand in companionable silence for a while, watching birds and insects skim the surface of the canal. Birdsong usually grates on my ears, but this isn’t bad. It’s soft, lulling.
“You’re from Scotland?” He asks, his eyes following the flight of a bird from one treetop to the next.
“Aye,” I respond.
“What brought you to the States?”
“Curiosity, I suppose.”
John’s eyes slide to mine. “Curious about what?”
“My da’s American,” I tell him, surprising myself. He’s not someone I speak of often.
“Really?” John leans both forearms on the railing and turns his attention to me. I feel my cheeks heat a bit.
“Yeah, though he’s down in Florida.”
“How did you end up here?”
“Followed a friend over from uni,” I reply, kicking a pebble off the path and into the water. “Glasgow is a big city, but nothing like the cities here.”
John nods. “I’ve never been to Scotland, or anywhere, really.”
“You should go,” I say, turning back to him. “It’s a beautiful country.”
“You miss it?” His eyes search mine and I shrug.
“Sometimes, yes. My ma’s still there, so I visit every so often.”
“Maybe I’ll tag along next time,” he says, giving me a small smile.
I’m so stunned by his casual comment, I can’t think of anything to say. I turn back to the canal.
Leaning with him against the railing, I realize our heads are almost touching. I can smell the citrus and sandalwood of John’s shampoo, or maybe it’s his deodorant, and I quietly take it into my lungs. It’s a good scent and fits right in, out here in nature and all.
“I walk here sometimes,” he says, nearly whispering. “It’s a good place to be quiet and just think.”
“Yeah,” I agree. “I don’t think I’ve ever seen anyone else here, though. You’re my first.”
He looks at me, and I turn my head to meet his eyes. “Yeah?” Another smile graces his full mouth.
It’s the first time I’ve seen John in daylight, and it’s not a sight I can take for long. The light breeze teases his auburn hair, blowing wisps of it into his whisky-soaked eyes. Those eyes are framed in deep, sable lashes that look too thick and too long to be real.
So many girls I know would murder him for them, I think to myself and smile.
He smiles, and I realize he’s looking at me closely. I wonder what he sees.
My skin is beech with a hint of henna, my wild, black curls have minds of their own. They spring out of my head in Medusa spirals that I pretend to control in the morning. By afternoon, they’ve taught me otherwise. My eyes are unremarkably gray, thanks to my mother’s side of the family. Dad is responsible for my curls, my full lips, and my slightly wide nose. My skin tone falls midway between the two of them, her ivory and his honeyed brown. Growing up in Glasgow, I definitely stood out. But being different in Glasgow is almost a badge of honor.
Different here takes a lot more effort, and I don’t bother to make it.
A stiff breeze rustles the trees above our heads, blowing my hair into my face. I brush it away.
John frowns.
“What?”
“There’s a…” He trails off. I watch as his hand lifts toward me and then drops. “You have a, here let me…”
John stands and reaches into my hair, carefully pulling out a rusty gold leaf. He twirls it in his long, thick fingers before letting it fall to the water, and I flush hot thinking of what those fingers could do to my body.
I straighten and clear my throat.
 “Hope you don’t mind,” he says, eyeing me. “I figured it would crumble the next time you ran your hand through your hair, and then it would be a bitch to get out.” He grins.
I return it, laughing to cover my nerves. “Thanks, um, it probably would have, yeah.”
I’ve put a bit of much-needed distance between us. There’s just something about the man that disarms me, strips away twenty years of practiced suave. I lose my tongue looking at him, and in the broad light of day, it’s become downright embarrassing.
“You know what you’re going to play tonight?” John rests his elbow on the railing and faces me. Leaning, he’s closer to my height.
“I don’t know what my mood is yet,” I confess. If I were on the air right now, I’d be cueing up songs about sex and desire, frustration, and need.
John nods as if this make perfect sense. “Well, I look forward to it.”
“You’ll…be in tonight?”
He meets my eyes, holding them for a moment before he speaks. “For sure.”
“O-okay,” I say, already starting to walk backward. “I’d better grab a bite before my shift.”
I should probably invite him, but I don’t. He likely wouldn’t accept anyway, and then how stupid would I look?
“Okay,” he says, watching me. And is that….disappointment on his face?
I open my mouth to say come join me when John’s phone rings. He pulls it out of his pocket and frowns, answering.
“Hey, what’s up?”
Not even a goodbye for me. I guess that solves that problem.
Dismissed, I turn and go.

3.
It’s Saturday morning. Okay, afternoon. After a week of overnights, I’m sleeping the fuck in. Sue me.
The house is quiet, which means my flat mates aren’t in and thank Christ for that. There’s never a bloody minute of peace when they’re about. 
When I first moved in five years ago, I was the one subletting. Sharing with a mate from uni, who has since moved. I signed a new lease, and now I rent to whoever can pay. Right now, that’s Liz and Ivy, two hipster kids from New York that are in Philly for school.
We’re not exactly friends. They basically live on sushi and Pellegrino and can’t ever be bothered with picking up after themselves around the house. They’re also very much into oversharing.
I know way more about feminine hygiene products than I ever wanted to.
Mostly, they complain about Philly. All I hear from them, whenever we cross paths, is about how much better New York is. I want to tell them to go back there, but that would be rude. Wouldn’t it?
Their lease is up in eight months, two weeks, and four days, but who’s counting? Me. I am.
But back to my lazy Saturday.
I want pancakes. I’m a little obsessed with them, I admit. They weren’t something I’d grown up with in the U.K., but when I realized how many twenty-four hours diners within walking distance of my flat served the fluffy little circles of heaven, I became something of a connoisseur. I’m weighing my options - Melrose Diner for its proximity or Broad Street Diner for its superior batter - when the phone rings.
Like a git, I answer.
“Oh, thank God,” comes the breathless greeting. It’s WKMP’s program director, Nicki. “I’m so glad I caught you. Please tell me you can cover for Riley this afternoon, her kid broke his arm, and they’re at the emergency room.”
Fuck.
“Yeah,” I groan, wanting to tell her no. “Sure. I’ll be there in an hour.”
“Thank you, thank you, thank you,” she exclaims so loudly, I have to move the phone away from my ear. “I’ll make it up to you.”
“No worries,” I grunt, rolling out of bed.
Day shifts are…weird. I don’t like them because the expectations are different. As in, people actually have some.
The rotation is tighter during the day, and Nicki expects us to spin a particular playlist. On the weekends, there’s a bit of leeway, but I don’t have anything close to the freedom that I get at night.
Nicki knows her shit, I have to give her that. She also knows each and every one of the jockeys she has on her payroll well too. She’s left me a playlist I can live with and given me ten slots to do with as I please.
God bless Nicki.
Thanks to her, and a few amusing call-ins, the afternoon breezes by. I’m forty-five minutes away from wrapping it up when John walks into the booth next door.
I’m unreasonably pleased to see him.
“Oh, hey,” I grin wide.
He looks a bit sheepish.
“Hope you don’t mind,” he says, his hands shoved into the pockets of his low-slung jeans.
Good lord, the man can work a pair of jeans. And the polo he’s wearing looks ridiculously good clinging to his biceps. It takes a few seconds of ogling for me to realize he’s not dressed for work.
“Mind?” I say, stupidly.
“I was, um…I heard you when I was driving, and I just thought…but I can go if you want.”
He needs to stop being so goddamned…whatever he’s being. I’m melting, and the A/C is cranked up to glacier in here.
“It’s good to see you.” Again, with the stupid. I give myself a mental slap.
I’ve tried not to think of John as attainable, because if I let myself go there, I’ll be in for a world of disappointment. I’m Ninety-nine-point-nine percent sure he’s straight. I do think he needs a friend, though, and I am more than happy to step into that role. Especially since he seems to be making the first, real overtures in that direction.
John is smiling when he steps inside booth B, and I am once again reminded how bloody small the room is, and how freaking huge John is. The man is a giant, and he smells really fucking good. Like cedar, and sandalwood, and summer.
A chill skitters up my spine, and I shiver.
“You alright?” He asks, his brows dipping with concern.
I turn away from him, making sure the next block of songs is in the chute, along with my final commercial break. The phone lines are blinking, but I’m not taking any more requests. Let Kathy deal with it on her shift.
“I’m good. What’s up with you?”
“Oh, nothin’.” John’s reply reaches me from over his shoulder. He’s scanning the records on the wall, occasionally taking one down for closer inspection. “Hey, I’ve been meaning to ask.”
“Yeah?” I’m logging my playlist, trying to keep my focus off our proximity to one another.
It occurs to me that it’s been over a month since I got laid. Garrett and I stopped a week or two before our break-up. I suppose that should have been a clue right there. My drought is the only reason I can think of that explains why having John this close to me is giving me palpitations.
“Why vinyl?” He gestures to the hundreds of records lining the walls.
It’s a common question, one I don’t mind answering.
“Analog is so much warmer than digital,” I say. When John frowns, I continue. “Digital is ideal for lossless duplication, but it’s too clean. To perfect. With analog, you get richer tones, deeper resonance.”
“If vinyl is so superior, how did digital replace it so completely?”
I turn to him, pleased with his line of questioning. I like that he’s genuinely curious.
“Convenience. Cost. The same reason sliced bread sells much more than whole loaves. Everyone knows a loaf tastes better, is made with more healthy ingredients, and so is better for you. But it’s more convenient to grab two slices of mass-produced bread, a bit of pre-sliced cheese product, and some lunch meat to make your kid a sandwich. Who has time to bake bread anymore?”
“So, vinyl is an artisan loaf, and digital is, what, Wonder Bread?” A small smile tugs at the corner of his mouth.
“Exactly.” I return his grin.
John nods. “That’s the best explanation I’ve heard.”
“You’ve asked this question before?”
“Once.” He pulls out a Steely Dan. “The person was younger than you, though, and really only likes vinyl because bands release it now as collector’s items.”
“Some of it’s a waste,” I say before I can stop myself. “Pardon me, I’m a bit of an elitist when it comes to this.”
“A bit?” He chuckles.
“What brings you by today?” I ask before I say something truly moronic like would you like to come back to my place and listen to my collection? Naked.
John fumbles putting the album back and then turns to me. His hands are back in his pockets, and he seems to be finding it hard to meet my eyes.
“Like I said, I was in the area and heard you on the air. You’re not usually on Saturdays.”
“No, the regular had a family emergency.”
John looks up at me. “Oh, I’m sorry to hear that. I hope everything will be alright.”
“I think her kid busted his arm or something. I’m sure it’ll be fine.”
A shadow crosses John’s face, or at least I think it did. It’s gone too quickly for me to be sure.
“What are you doing after?” He asks.
“I was just going to head back down to the city.”
“You live in Philly?” He seems surprised, pleasantly so.
“Yeah, just off Passyunk Avenue. You?”
John smiles. “I’m over in Doylestown, but I’m working on a house down in NewBold.” 
“New what?”
He laughs, and it’s that rich, chocolatey chuckle I’d heard the very first day we met. The sound of it warms me up from the inside out.
Damn.
“In your neck of the woods, just west of Broad Street, near Wharton.”
“Oh,” I say, trying to stamp down my rising interest.
“So, um, yeah.” And he’s back to avoiding eye contact.
I feel like I’m missing something.
“Were you planning to get any lunch?” The words stutter out of him. “Are you hungry?”
“You know what they say in Philly. I could eat.” I smile when he grins at me. There’s a hint of a dimple. I’ve never seen it before. “Yeah, let’s do that.”
“Okay,” he says, smiling brighter. “Let’s.”
***
We decide to stay in the area. It’s a hot day, but inevitably cooler up here than it would be in the city. And since we’re both parked in the station’s lot, we don’t have to worry about meters or spaces.
I’m pleased to find that John is an adventurous eater. We walk across the bridge to Lambertville, New Jersey, to a quaint little Middle Eastern place called Marhaba. I’d discovered it by accident when I first came to WKMP and taken a wrong turn off Main Street.
“Did you always know you wanted to be a DJ?” John asks me this as we share a plate of hummus. It’s thick and garlicky, just the way I like it.
His question isn’t a new one, I get it all the time.
“Yes and no,” I answer truthfully. “I always knew I wanted to work in music, I just never thought it would be in this capacity. I thought I’d write about it.”
“For a magazine or something?” He sucks a bit of olive oil from his thumb, and I lose my train of thought entirely.
“Yeah,” is the sum total of my response.
John nods as if I’ve said a whole lot more. “Your relationship with music, I envy that.”
This stops me mid-chew. “Oh?”
“It’s…kinda beautiful, really. Magical. You know so many songs so intimately.” John trails off, shaking his head. There’s a tiny smile pulling at the corners of his gorgeous mouth, but he’s not looking at me.
I swallow before I choke. “Magic, eh?”
I feel the need to rescue him. It’s as if he’s shown me too much. His ears are turning red, and his hands flutter a bit when he reaches for the pita bread. Too much for him, though, not for me. Not at all. I want more.
“I think so,” he says, so quietly I barely hear him over the Ofra Haza track drifting down to us from the restaurant’s speakers.
“Music speaks to me,” I find myself saying. “It tells me the truth, always. It never lies. You can’t say that about most things.”
“Or most people,” John states, and there’s more than a hint of bitterness in his voice.
“Tell me about you.”
John’s eyes pop up to mine. “Not much to tell, really. Born in Delaware, grew up there, moved to Doylestown for work.”
“Construction.”
He nods, but his focus is split between his phone, which has just chimed, and whatever thoughts my questions have dredged up. The shadow is back, and it’s unmistakable this time.
I ease off of my focus, which can be too intense for most people.
“Everything alright?” I nod toward his phone, but he doesn’t answer. “I don’t mean to pry.”
“Don’t you?” He meets my eyes, challenging me, and I’m stupefied.
The tone of our conversation has changed so rapidly, tripped into somewhere deeper than I thought we’d ever go. But if he wants to go there…
“You’re right, of course,” I say, as matter-of-factly as I can muster. “I do mean to.”
John nods. “I’m a private person.”
“I’ve figured that out about you.”
“So are you.”
Am I? “I like to think of myself as an open book.”
“Oh, no,” he says, and his laugh is…not bitter, it’s a laugh of disbelief.
I narrow my eyes at him. “I amuse you?”
“You intrigue me.”
“Oh,” I say. “Intrigue. That’s a big word for a contractor.”
John shrugs one shoulder. “I used to be a teacher.”
This news shocks me, though it shouldn’t. It explains his patience and his desire to understand everything. But the look on his face tells me he hadn’t meant to share this bit of information. I press anyway.
“Why did you quit?”
“Wasn’t for me.” His voice has gone flat. John looks over my head, and the scent of falafel fills my nose as the waiter reaches around me and sets our lunch orders on the table.
“Didn’t love it?”
John nods slowly and the corners of his mouth twitch before he runs his hands roughly over it.
“I did,” he says, and his tone is almost disgusted. “But we can’t always do what we love, now can we?”
John grabs a round of pita bread and starts to fill it with steaming balls of falafel, adding hummus, shaved onion, and pepper sauce.
“Can’t we?” My curiosity is beyond peaked. I can totally picture John Burton as a teacher, he has the personality for it. Patient. Open.
He meets my gaze, his a little sad. “No. We can’t.”
I stop pressing long enough to shove food in my gob.
***
The tension eased a bit through lunch, as the topic of conversation turned back to music and pop culture in general. I’m a veritable treasure trove of useless knowledge. People think it’s strange until we meet up for quiz night at the pub. Then I’m everybody’s golden boy.
“I can’t believe you’ve never seen Purple Rain,” I exclaim as we cross the bridge, stopping on the path to let that bit of news sink in.
John turns to me, his hands up in supplication. “Is it a crime?”
“Abso-fucking-lutely!” I exclaim. “You’re a child of the eighties, aren’t you?”
“Not really,” he says. “Born in seventy-five.”
“Eighty-five,” I say, surprised by the ten year difference between us. “And that film is still your birthright.”
John’s rich, hearty laugh returns and I can’t keep the beaming smile off my face. We’re standing in the middle of the bridge, overlooking the Delaware River. The sun is stroking the highlights of John’s auburn hair as if it can’t keep its fingers out of the wavy locks.
“What?” He tilts his head and looks at me, taking a few steps closer.
“Nothing.” I duck my eyes, afraid he’ll discover what a colossal crush I’ve developed on him. A crush. Me. On a straight guy.
Kill me now.
“It’s okay, you know?” John moves next to me and leans on the railing.
Ducks float on the surface of the river, occasionally scattering when a boat passes. For the most part, the scene is still. Quiet. So unlike the state of my nerves, which are screaming at the moment.
“What’s okay?”
“You can be yourself with me,” he says without turning his head to me. “I want you to. I feel like you need that.”
Wow. And whoa. And what?
“I didn’t realize I was trying to be someone else.” And I’m tempted to laugh it off, but that’s not what I want to do.
“Maybe,” he says. “Maybe not.”
“Why did you come to the station today?”
John smiles. “I was wondering when you’d get around to asking me that.”
“And the answer is?”
“Isn’t it obvious?” He’s still watching the damned ducks, but I want to see his eyes. I want to understand what’s happening here.
“No, it really isn’t.”
He sighs and straightens, coming to his full height before turning to me. I have to strain my neck to look up at him.
“I like you, Frankie. I think you’re funny. And nice, though you try to hide it. And you’re real. Even when you’re not being real, there’s still a truth behind everything you do and say.”
“I don’t think you know me well enough to make those kinds of statements.”
“Don’t I?” He squints, regarding me. “You say a whole hell of a lot through the music you play.”
“Yeah? Like what?”
He’s right, but the little voice in my head is warning me not to believe him. Not to accept that he can see me so clearly. The thought of that, of this man knowing me without me sharing myself with him, terrifies me. I only want to be seen when I want to be seen.
“You’re lonely. A little bitter. You’ve been hurt a lot. You’re confident but suffer moments of insecurity that sometimes cripple you. You want desperately to be seen but are deathly afraid of someone knowing you.”
Well, shit.
“You’re a little neurotic,” he continues. “But harmless.”
“I am not harmless,” I say because I have to say something. Otherwise, I’ll run. Or jump.
“You remind me of someone I used to know.”
And there’s the sadness I’d seen in him before.
“An ex…girlfriend?” I’m prodding.
John smiles, seeing my question for what it is. “No, my ex-wife is nothing like you. Nothing at all.”
“Ain’t that the truth,” I mutter before I can stop myself.
I’m pissed because my stupid hopes, the ones I’d warned not to get themselves up, are crashing from whatever high they’ve been on. John is straight, just as I suspected. I try to keep the disappointment out of my face and my voice.
“I hope you were on good terms with this person, at least.”
“Yes, I was.”
I nod because I really can’t do anything else. I suddenly wish I were back in my flat, alone in my room with my records and a big bottle of Jack.
“I came by because I’d like us to be friends,” John continues as if the universe hadn’t just shifted under my feet. “Would you want that? I don’t have many. I’m not…good with people.”
“I find that hard to believe,” I say, and it’s true.
“Maybe I should say people aren’t good with me.”
Before I can ask him what he means by that, we’re interrupted by the honk of a passing car.
“I need to get back,” John says, abruptly. He turns and starts walking, his long legs eating up the steel bridge.
I have to jog to catch up.

4.
The rest of my Saturday is rather uneventful.
If I'm honest with myself which, I admit, isn’t often, nothing could have truly topped having lunch with John.
Having rarely seen him outside WKMP’s cramped studios, I’d begun to worry that he was a figment of my imagination. Except that he does interact with others at the station.
That should have been a clue, I suppose.
Regardless, he’s real. And we’d had a meal together and shared a sometimes-stilted conversation or two. He wants to be friends. This is a good thing, I think.
I wonder what he did last night. Me? I spent it sorting through some old CDs I’d burned.
It always amazes me how many bands used to let me record their shows. Naturally, they were all unknown at the time. Most of them still are, if they’re still together at all.
Weekends are odd for me, in that I never know what to do with myself. I’ve never been into the bar scene. Too much desperation. Too many men looking in the wrong places for too little. The most I could hope for is a nice buzz from cheap alcohol, and maybe a rub and tug from a random guy in a urine-soaked stall if I get really pissed and lose all sense of myself.
Wholly unappealing.
When Garrett and I were together, we would hang out with his friends. There seemed to be a dinner party or a wine tasting every weekend.
I like food, love it even, but I’m not a foodie. Like to drink, but I’m not a wine connoisseur. My taste in music is pretty eclectic, but I’ve never gone in for singer-songwriter types. Never got into TV shows about existential twenty-somethings.
In short, I was the guy sitting on the arm of his boyfriend’s chair staring off into space while everyone around him espoused the genius of someone named Lena Dunham.
It isn’t that I didn’t try, I did. Of course, Garrett might have a differing opinion.
As if I’ve conjured him up, my phone begins to sing from my nightstand. After the break-up, I changed Garrett’s ringtone from My Desire to Someone That I Used to Know. Cliché? Maybe. The song was a smash hit for a reason.
This is the first time he’s called me since we cooled things off. I’m a little peeved at the orphaned butterfly that flutters in my stomach when I see his photo on my screen, shirtless and glistening by the pool. I need to change that fucking pic.
“Hello, Garrett.”
“Franklin.”
Shit. I’d almost forgotten the way my name sounded in his rolling thunder of a voice. Images flash through my mind of him moaning it into my neck as he stuffed me full of himself. My cock has the nerve to twitch in my shorts.
“What’s new?” I try to keep my tone friendly and not at all affected.
“It’s been a while,” he says, his voice smoky. I really hate that he still has any effect on me.
“Yep.”
“Just wanted to see how you were.”
“M’fine.”
Our last conversation hadn’t been pretty, but it had been necessary. The end of our relationship was inevitable. If I’m curt with him, maybe he’ll get the hint.
“I miss you.”
Or not. “Garrett.”
“Look, I know we both said some things we didn’t mean.” He coats the words with as much honey as he can muster. Once upon a time, I would have buckled, but I think I’m stronger now.
“I meant them.” The more I repeat this, the more likely I am to believe it.
“Baby…”
Fuck, that purr. “G, don’t.”
“I have one of your t-shirts here, the Soul Coughing one?”
I wondered where that was. We haven’t done the box exchange yet. You know, the one where the Ex brings the stuff you’ve left at their place and vice versa.
“It smells like you,” he growls. “I’m sitting on the sofa, sniffing a t-shirt, and hard as a fucking rock because you aren’t here.”
“Garrett, what do you want?”
“You,” he says in a voice that makes my balls swell. “How long are you going to let this go on? It’s been weeks.”
“We’re done, Garrett. Over.” I sound whiny and not at all sure about this, which I’m not. Being this horny tends to cloud my memory of all the reasons I left him. I should just go hit the bars and find someone to ease this aching need.
“That’s not what I want, is that what you want? Is it?”
And the truth is, I don’t know.
“And you can’t tell me you’ve been celibate all this time,” I say, sort of hoping it’s true.
The idea that Garrett’s been waiting for me is too tempting. Before we were together, he was a bit of a slut. Not that there’s anything wrong with that, it just isn’t my deal. Never has been, and he knows it.
Garrett ignores the question.
“What are you doing, can I come over?” There’s a note of pleading in his voice. I’ve never heard it before, and it stops the denial I have on the tip of my tongue from voicing itself.
“That is a colossally bad idea,” I say, squirming on my bed.
“Why?” His voice has dropped to a whisper, which I have to strain to hear.
He does this shit on purpose, knowing what it does to me.
“Are you telling me you don’t miss me? Because I miss you, babe. I miss having you underneath me, around me...in my mouth.”
Oh…fuck.
My skin is suddenly too tight, and my dick is arguing loudly in Garrett’s favor, reminding me that we hadn’t had sex in weeks before the end, so it’s been - let me count - Jesus, nearly two months since I got laid.
But there’s got to be something in the relationship handbook about sleeping with an Ex, especially one that doesn’t seem to realize he is an Ex.
“I’m coming over,” he states, barring any attempt to dissuade him.
“I…you can’t.”
“Why not?” I hear him stop whatever he’s doing. Sniffing my shirt, maybe? “Is there someone else?”
I ignore the edge in his question. “That’s not the point, Garrett.”
“Is there?” Oh, he sounds very dangerous right now.
I used to love this side of him, this possessive you’re-mine-and-no-one-else’s side.
Apparently one part of me, at least, still does. I squeeze the head of my dick to relieve a little of my need.
The silence stretches between us because I don’t know how to answer. No, I’m not sleeping with anyone, but I feel like I’ve connected with John. And even though it will never be more than friendship between us…
“Frankie, is there?”
“No,” I admit. “But-”
“I’m leaving now.”
Garrett hangs up before I can tell him no.
Shit.
What the fuck do I do now? My cock answers, throbbing with anticipation.
“Hell no,” I tell it. “You bloody well need to settle down.”
Now if I can only get my heart to do the same.
****
Garrett brought a bottle of wine. Red, of course. As I said, I don’t know much about wine, but this one is really fucking good.
“This must have cost a fortune,” I tell him, pouring another glass.
“You like it?” He smiles over the rim of his glass. “I have a case of it, I’ll bring more next time.”
Next time. I don’t dwell on the concept.
So far, we’ve only shared the wine as we sit on the couch. I’ve put on one of my playlists. It’s mostly Norwegian hip-hop and Swedish electronica, giving us ambiance. I don’t want the mood to suggest sex of any kind, though I don’t think Garrett needs any more suggestions.
He’s been eye-fucking me since the moment he walked in the door, and I’m finding it harder and harder to resist him with every pull from my glass.
Garrett is a good-looking guy under any circumstance. When he focuses his forest green eyes on you, swimming with desire and the promise of a long, sweaty night, he’s downright lethal.
He’s tall, with the body of an Olympic swimmer, which he almost was. From what he’s told me, he missed qualifying for the London games by milliseconds. I believe him. I’ve been in the water with him, and the guy is a fish.
Folded up on my couch, I only get hints of Garrett’s six-pack under the thin cotton of his t-shirt. One of his denim-clad legs is folded beneath him, the other stretched toward me. I know the strength of those thighs and have clear memories of them under my ass as I rode him.
Okay. Time to derail that train of thought.
“Let’s go out and grab a bite to eat,” I suggest a little too loudly.
Garrett smirks. “Why are you fighting this?”
I feign ignorance, of course, because I’m a coward. “Fighting what?”
I move to stand up, but Garrett catches my arm and pulls me toward him.
The move is so unexpected, I nearly drop my glass. Garrett takes it from me and deftly hauls my leg over his so that I am standing over him, his legs between mine. He sets the glass on the side table and frames my hips with his hands.
“No,” I protest, even as I lower myself to his lap.
He immediately wraps his arms around me and pulls me closer, burying his face in my neck.
Jesus, he feels good. There’s nothing like having all of a man’s passion, power, and control ready to unleash itself on you. I’m not a submissive by any stretch of the imagination, but still. It’s a fucking turn-on.
I settle over the bulge in Garrett’s lap, my own thickening erection inching toward the top of my waistband.
Garrett’s lips are on my neck, hot and greedy.
I moan, I can’t help it.
He slips a hand up into my curly hair and cups the back of my skull. His other hand slides around to my ass, and he pulls me into him, grinding his hips up to meet me.
“All those words, all the things we said, they don’t mean anything, Frankie. Not when we have this.”
I am lost in sensations. The feel of his tongue gliding up my neck, the bite of his teeth along my stubbled jaw, his cock pressing against the inside of my thigh.
I want this. I need it. It’s been so fucking long.
His hand sneaks between my legs and there’s pressure against my navel as he undoes the button of my cargo shorts. The sound of steel teeth parting fills the gaps between my breathless panting as he eases my zipper down. The back of his hand brushes the length of my dick, and I think I might explode.
“Forgive me, and I’ll forgive you, and we can get past this. We can…”
His words work as well as ice water.
My arms, which had snaked around his neck, now push me back from him. Garrett doesn’t get the hint at first, still working his way into my underwear.
I’m still painfully hard, but my head is clearing, at least.
“Stop,” I manage to gasp when he flicks his thumb over the head of my cock. I shiver with pleasure and shake my head hard, wrenching his hand away from my needy flesh. “Stop!”
Garrett’s hand falls away from me. He lets his head drop back against the top of the sofa and groans.
“Really, Franklin?” He’s not looking at me, his eyes are trained on the ceiling. “Are you really going to mess us up over stupid shit?”
I clamber off his lap with all the grace of a baby goat and plop down on the cushion beside him, reaching immediately for my wine glass.
I drain it in one gulp.
“I think I need something stronger,” Garrett says, and I nod, already up and moving toward my makeshift bar, fastening my shorts as I do. I grab a bottle of white rum. “Yeah, that’ll do.”
I don’t bother with glasses. I pop open the cap and take a healthy swig before I pass it to him.
I sit on the couch and face Garrett, this guy I spent the better part of two years with, and really look at him.
He’s a good guy, a great guy even, but he’s just not the guy for me. More importantly, I’m not the guy for him. When I tell him this, he sighs loudly.
“You know this, G,” I tell him. “You agreed that it wasn’t working.”
“I…it’s just so wrong not having you with me,” he groans. “I keep turning over in bed to put my arm around you. I see stupid shit on Reddit that I want to share, and you aren’t there to tell it to. It fucking sucks.”
I smile because that’s the nicest thing he’s ever said to me.
“I’m a slob,” I remind him. “You hate the clutter I make with my records and my gadgets, and my clothing lying about the bedroom.”
“You could work on that, though.”
“And,” I continue, “you’re such a neat freak that I can’t leave an empty mug on the counter for five minutes without you either yelling at me to clean it or cleaning it up yourself.”
“I could work on that,” he says, and it surprises me. Our last conversation on the subject had him going on the defense.
Then again, so had I.
“And my job?”
This has been a sore spot for us ever since the beginning. Garrett doesn’t see the station as a career and is always pushing me to do something more. Something better, whatever that might be. He wants me to grow the fuck up.
His words.
I don’t want to fight, so I don’t bring it up.
“Garrett,” I scold him, gently. “There was so much more than that, and you know it. We’re so very different from one another. We tried to make adjustments, we did.” I did, him not so much, but whatever.
“Not hard enough. Everyone keeps asking when we’re going to patch things up. They miss you.”
“Your friends hate me,” I remind him.
“No!” This has him sitting up to face me. “They don’t, they just…”
“Know I’m not the right guy for their friend,” I finish for him. “I’ve heard Annalise whispering into Nanette’s ear more than once about how much better you could do than me. And they’re right, you could.”
“Don’t do that,” he snaps. Anger darkens the green of his eyes from emerald to forest. “Screw them, you’re amazing.”
I lean in and kiss his cheek, catching a whiff of fabric softener and rum.
“Thanks. And that may be, but I’m not made for you. And you’re not made for me. Sex aside, name one thing we have in common.”
I watch the wheels turning, grinding to a halt when he can’t find anything. His eyes meet mine, and they’re so sad, so lost, I take him into my arms and hold him.
“It sucks being alone. Believe me, I know. But you will find someone.”
Garrett wraps his arms around me and settles his head on my shoulder. He feels good, though not really in a sexual way, just…being held. It feels so damned good.
I want to cry, because I don’t know when I’ll ever feel someone hold me like this again. I tighten my grip on him, and he does the same. Maybe he’s thinking it too.
“We’re friends. Right? We’ll still have each other’s backs?” I try to swallow to get rid of the catch in my throat.
“Always,” Garrett murmurs. “You’ll meet someone, babe,” he whispers into my neck before lifting his head to meet my eyes. “You will.”
“I know, I’m too awesome to be single forever.” I’m only half-serious.
Garrett grins. “Fuck yeah.”
“Fuck yeah,” I echo, smiling. “I’ll find the perfect man for me.”
“I just hope he has a strong stomach,” Garrett says, wincing after he takes another swig from my bottle. “Because, babe, your taste in rum is for shit.”
5.
“Is Mario trying to impress someone over at the library? That’s the third or fourth time I’ve seen him hauling records out of here.”
I love Nicki’s office. It’s an assault on the senses, a riot of colors and textures that you’d never find outside of a hallucination.
I plop down, prop my feet up on her plastic, neon orange desk, and recline in the violently purple shag rug with legs that serves as a chair. Draped over the windows are sheer, magenta curtains with gold, metallic paisley print. The light coming through them paints the room in cotton candy pink.
“I think he has a crush, our Mario,” Nicki replies in her velvety alto. Her voice has a musical quality that I adore. And I refuse to believe she can’t sing, not with a tone like that.
“Ah, that explains the sudden philanthropy,” I muse.
Nicki tsks. “Such a cynic, you are.”
“I’m not,” I protest. “I just wonder about him sometimes. Mario never seems to be able to catch these butterflies he spends so much time chasing.”
“Maybe he should switch to birdwatching,” she says with an entirely straight face.
“Ahhh, I see what you did there, love.” I give her a wink.
She eyes me from across her desk, a welcome antidote to her surroundings.
Nicki’s skin is a deep, rich mahogany that must have been painted on by the hand of God himself, it’s so perfect. Her frame is delicate, her cheekbones sharp enough to cut glass. I sometimes get lost in her dark, almond-shaped eyes, and I’ve never met anyone more comfortable in their skin than my boss.
She also knows as much about music as I do, if not more.
“I caught a couple of your shows this week,” she says, bringing up something on her computer screen. “Your numbers look good.”
“Thanks,” I say, straightening.
Nicki may be my friend, but one could never accuse her of sidelining business for pleasure.
“There’s so much great new stuff coming out this summer, I’ve had a grand time breaking new releases.”
“Just don’t step on Simon’s toes,” she warns. “I’ll never hear the end of it.”
Simon Barnes, on-air for the afternoon shift every weekday, prides himself on bringing new music to his listeners. To his credit, he has an incredible ear. He can spot the next new thing a mile away, which is why he’s syndicated. His show, Drive Time, airs on fifty-plus stations nationwide. Simon is single-handedly responsible for half of WKMP’s operating budget.
“Wouldn’t dream of it,” I assure her.
“Good.” She leans back in her chair, a somewhat subdued off-white leather, midcentury wingback. “The renovations are moving along. The contractor isn’t giving you any grief?”
If by grief she meant driving me crazy with mixed signals, then yes. Grief was given.
“No, not at all.”
“Good to hear, he seems like a decent guy.”
I nod, humming noncommittally.
“And he’s not bad to look at,” she adds. Her eyes are locked on my face, and I feel it heating under her scrutiny.
“Subtle,” I say. “Okay, let me hear it.”
“What?” She asks, the picture of innocence.
“Nicki.”
Leaning back in her chair, she flattens one hand on her desk and narrows her eyes at me. Drumming her fingers on the surface, she’s silent for a full minute. Maybe she thinks I’ll break.
“Fine,” she says, and rolls her eyes. “Someone told me you’ve been spending a bit of time with our handyman.”
“Contractor,” I correct her without thinking.
She gives me a knowing smile. “Yes, John.”
“John,” I echo. “And I’m guessing this birdy is Gayle?”
Nicki takes a sudden interest in the papers on her desk.
“I’m not at liberty to say…”
“It’s Gayle.”
“Okay,” she says and grins at me. “Gayle tells me you've taken quite a shine to John Burton.”
“He’s…nice,” I say, ever so lame.
Nicki perks up, leaning forward conspiratorially. “Are you guys…?”
“He’s straight, Nick.”
She pouts and it’s so pretty. “Really?”
“I’m fairly sure,” I say.
Her brows furrow. “Oh, well, poop.”
I laugh. “Poop?”
“Shit, then. Is that better?”
I nod. “Much.” I wave off her troubled expression. “It’s fine, Nicki. He’s a good guy, and I enjoy talking to him.”
“Aww,” she coos. “You’ve made a buddy.”
I snort. “Yes, since you set me up with nightly play dates.”
“Which have apparently turned into the occasional lunch,” she retorts. “Are you sure he’s straight?”
I think about the times I’ve caught John watching me, his expression inscrutable but warm.
“No,” I admit. “But I refuse to think about it too long.”
Nicki tilts her head and smiles sweetly, a dreamy look in her eye.
“You like him.”
“I do.” I see no reason to lie. “I don’t have many friends, so it’s nice to make a new one.”
Nicki nods. “Ain’t that the truth? Just don’t let him break your heart, okay?”
“I won’t,” I promise. “I’m still smarting from my last turn on that merry-go-round.”
“Speaking of which, how is He-Who-Shall-Not-Be-Named?” Nicki makes a face of disgust. She’s still gorgeous.
“Garrett,” I say, rolling my eyes at her. “He’s fine, except that he tried to smash me last weekend.”
“What?” Nicki’s eyes are about to pop out of her head. “Tell me you didn’t, please!”
“Of course not.”
“Did you want to, though?”
“Well, one part of me sure did,” I reply, waggling my eyebrows.
Nicki wads up a post-it note and throws it at me. “At least common sense prevailed.”
“It did,” I agree.
“To think he tried to pry you out from under me.”
I winked at her. “He’d never succeed, love. I’m at ‘KMP until you wheel my cold, dead body from the booth.”
“Good,” she says, smiling. “That’s what I wanna hear.”
“Just do me a favor, will ye? Make sure they don’t play the Lumineers at my funeral. Love them, but I deserve something a little more obscene.”
“Die Antwoord?” Nicki asks, and I grin wide.
“Hell yeah,” I say, heading toward the booth. “That’ll do.”
***
There’s a cloud hanging over my shift tonight.
John’s been a little moody this week, quiet and brooding. When we grabbed lunch on Wednesday, he barely spoke ten words to me. Just inhaled his pizza slices and made an excuse to duck out. During my shifts, he works non-stop, barely answering when I inquire about his moods.
Now it’s Thursday, and I’m tired of the silent treatment. If I’ve done something to offend him, I wish he’d just come out with it.
“John,” I say after I set up the first block of songs for the night. “What’s going on with you?”
He looks up from his paint tray and grimaces when he sees my face. “Fuck, I’m sorry.”
“No need to be sorry, just tell me what’s going on.” I lean on the door frame between the two booths, taking a moment to admire the work he’s done.
I’m in love with the new recessed lighting, and briefly wonder if he’ll be back to work on the B room when he’s done.
John sighs, sets down his paint brush and walks over to me. He leans on the other side of the frame, well within my personal space.
My heart ticks up a few beats-per-minute.
“I’ve been shitty company, I know.” He shrugs. “Just a lot on my mind.”
“Nothing I’ve done? Said?”
His eyes widen. “No! Not at all, I’m sorry if I gave you that impression.”
“We don’t have to chat when you’re working,” I offer. “And no rule says we have to meet up for lunch.”
“I enjoy those things,” he says, a frown over his beautiful eyes. “They’re the highlights of my week.”
Wow. Okay, that’s news.
“Well…for me too,” I admit.
Our lunches are somewhat random. We’ve never even exchanged contact information. I just seem to know when he’s going to be around. And he’s always there when I drive up in the afternoon. Part of me wonders if he comes by every day to look for me. I hope not. And yet I sort of do.
John smiles, probably the first one I’ve seen from him all week.
We’re staring.
I mean, I’m staring. John…I don’t know what he’s doing, but he is looking at me, and suddenly I feel exposed.
I clear my throat. “So…”
“So,” he echoes.
“I just wanted to check and make sure you’re alright.”
“I am,” he says, a small smile on his lips. His tongue darts out to wet them, and I flush with heat.
Jesus.
“Right,” I say brightly, pushing off the door. “I should get back to…”
“Oh, yeah,” John steps backward. “Me too.”
“Okay,” I say, backing away.
“Okay.” John smiles at me, then turns back to his work.
After a few minutes, I call out to him. “What’s your mood tonight, John-boy?”
There’s a beat before he answers.
“Distracted,” he says, at last, a smile in his voice.
Grinning, I queue up Coldplay’s Always in My Head.
6.
John’s been pulling longer hours. He’s been here when I come in for my shift and usually leaves long after I do. His deadline is tight, and he seems determined to meet it, but I worry. Friends are allowed to worry, aren’t they?
He’s practically dead on his feet tonight. I put on a fresh pot of coffee when I came in, and he’s all but drained it, poor man. I wish I knew how to help him.
“Do you ever sleep?”
“I grab a few minutes here and there.” His voice is monotonous, like he doesn’t have the strength to push sound out of his mouth.
John stands and stretches. After spending the last few hours hunched over a table saw, I’m sure his joints are screaming in protest. His t-shirt rides up to reveal a flat stomach covered in a light dusting of strawberry blonde hair.
Having imagined him naked a few hundred times, I’m a little surprised. I imagined the hair on his body would be darker than the cherry-stained mop on his head, but I’d been wrong. His arms are so damned long, too, and corded with sinew and muscle. I want to wrap myself up in them, feel their power around me. John’s chest is broad, just bloody inviting me to trace my tongue along its dips and curves. His happy trail leads to places I can only dream of going.
But from the moment he mentioned his ex-wife, I relegated him to the fantasy reel in my mind. Look, but don’t touch.
I don’t pine after straight men, but I sure as fuck don’t mind looking. It’s just that he seems so lost, at the moment.
“It’s a wonder you can function with so little sleep.”
John runs a weary hand over his stubble. “I wonder myself, sometimes. But we have to do what we have to do, right?”
“Right.” I nod, wondering why he has to work himself to the bone. From what I know of his company, he’s built it from the ground up, turning it from a one-man operation into a business that employs twenty people.
Yes, I Googled him, though there wasn’t much to find. Not even a Facebook profile.
A local directory yielded a little info on John Burton, owner of Burton Construction. Born on the fifth of March, no year listed. Middle child. Only son. No kids. Formerly married to a doctor, Michelle.
Burton Construction has been in business for three years, has an A-plus rating with the Better Business Bureau, and seems to be doing well.
So, I can’t figure out why John is busting his balls at WKMP. He could just as easily have sent one of the other lads over to do the work.
“I suppose we do what we must.” I grin at him, hoping to earn one of his delicious smiles. “Money don’t grow on trees.”
“Ain’t no rest for the wicked.” He winks, and laughs, and something in my chest loosens a bit.
The sound is rich and decadent and, like always, goes straight to my dick.
I’m a wee bit taken aback by the force of the lust I feel for him at that moment. I mean, yes, I’m attracted to him. He’s hot, and watching a hot guy do manual labor is definitely something worth salivating over.
But the sound he just made. Man, it’s doing a number on me. I bite my lip, hard, to keep myself from saying or doing anything that’ll spook him. Like leap across the room, yank open his jeans, and swallow his cock down the back of my neck.
Christ.
Yeah.
I clear my throat and go back to pulling songs from my playlist. “What’s your mood tonight, Johnny?”
“Surprise me,” he says, and I do.
I spin some MC5, X, The Noisettes, and Miike Snow. His arse is adorable when he wiggles to Animal.
John often hums along to the songs he knows, an off-key murmuring that I find endearing as hell. On some of the livelier tunes, he sometimes does a little jig. I wouldn’t call it dancing because it really isn’t. But he moves, and I go stupid watching him. He’s just fucking edible.
We sometime banter back and forth about the state of music, and I try hard to prove to him that all is not lost by introducing him to lesser-known Indie artists. He eats it up.
“I picked up that Ida Maria album you played the other night,” he says, surprising me yet again.
I hadn’t even known he’d been paying attention, since he’d been distracted then too. He’s become more and more distracted as the weeks go by.
“Get some rest tonight, will ye?” I nudge John with my shoulder as I head to the door.
“I’ll try,” he mumbles.
***
The next time I see him, John doesn’t look like he tried at all. In fact, he looks like he hasn’t slept since primary school. He’s unshaven, more than usual, and I’m pretty sure that blue, flannel shirt is the same one he wore last night.
I greet him, like I always do. “Hey, John Boy, what’s your mood tonight?”
John sighs like the weight of the world is on his broad shoulders. “Is blue a mood?”
“Of course.”
I’m always eager to spin for him, and he gives me a lopsided grin, but it’s halfhearted at best. Something is really eating at the man, and I wish I knew him well enough for me to be able to ask. To help. To…do something.
“You fancy some Stevie Ray? Or maybe Screamin’ Jay Hawkins?”
“They both sound good,” he says, robotically.
“Depends on whether you want sex or sorrow.” I look up from the stack of records in my hands to find John looking at me.
He meets my eyes and just goes eerily still, just staring.
I fight the shiver that wants to course through me.
“What?”
John tilts his head, his eyes raking over my face me. “You cut your hair?”
“Uh, yeah. This afternoon.” I run a nervous hand through my thick, black mane.
“It’s short.” He studies me intently and I begin to squirm.
“Y-you don’t like short hair?” I nod toward the messy man-bun knotted against his nape. A few tendrils curl around his ears and jawline. I want to tuck the strands away, kiss his skin there.
“It’s fine,” he replies, snapping out of whatever reverie he’s been in. “Looks good.”
A smile touches the edge of his mouth, and I can’t quite place the emotion in his eyes.
“The longer curls really suit you, though.”
Right now, you could knock me over with a feather. 
What the bloody…?
I have to remind myself that the gorgeous, strapping contractor currently ruminating on my coiffure is straight.
Oblivious to my flustered state, John goes back to work.
I start my shift with shaky hands and a stuttering heart, queuing up several songs for him including some new stuff from Gary Clark Jr., and The Carolina Chocolate Drops. Despite the lack of conversation, the night goes by quickly.
“What was that last one?” John asks as I pack up to go.
“Don’t Wanna Fight by Alabama Shakes.”
John nods appreciatively.
I’m pleased that he seems to like it. That maybe the music got his mind off of whatever’s been troubling him, if only for a little while.
“They’re pretty new.” I want to engage him, to bring back the cheeky inquisitive guy that used to grab lunch with me every other day. I miss him.
“They’re good,” he says over his shoulder.
I notice he’s packing up too. “Leaving at a decent time tonight?”
Before he can respond, his phone rings. Where his body language has been tired but relaxed, he immediately tenses.
On reflex, I do too.
“Yeah?” The greeting is gruff, insistent.
I turn away enough to give him some semblance of privacy, quietly putting my things in my backpack, but I stay close. It’s wrong of me, but I listen. I can’t help it, everything about the man fascinates me.
There’s so much I don’t know about him, but that hasn’t stopped me from fantasizing about the kind of life he has. The kind of home he lives in. Who he might love. How he might be in bed.
“Fuck,” he rasps, his voice like gravel. “No.”
The despair in John’s voice makes my stomach turn sour. I glance back at him and freeze, mid-movement.
His back is to me, shoulders scrunched up to his ears. Everything about him screams that he’s in a world of pain, and I have the urge to go to him, to touch his shoulder and offer support.
Should I? Dare I?
“I thought they concluded it was nothing,” he says, sounding almost desperate. “They said there was only a one-in-twenty chance. I-I don’t understand.”
The desolation in his voice had me moving closer. Before I realize what I’ve done, my hands are on his shoulders.
He starts, his head spinning toward me, eyes wild, but then he relaxes under my touch.
I stroke my thumb over the fabric of his tee, wishing like hell it were bare skin.
“Could we get a second opinion?” His voice crackles over the words.
The sorrow comes off of him in waves. I can feel it in my gut, and it twists on his behalf. Whatever it is, it’s killing him.
John takes a deep shuddering breath. “Okay.”
He ends the call, and his arms drop to his sides. His head drops to his chest.
“John?” I keep my voice to a whisper, not wanting to intrude but needing to reach out.
I think this is the first time I’ve used his given name and not Johnny or John-boy. I squeeze his shoulders. They’re like boulders in my hands, unmalleable.
He looks up at me, his eyes so full of pain, a lump forms in my throat. A tear slips out of the corner of his right eye, and my heart breaks for him.
He swipes at it, but another soon takes its place. And another. Then another. And then he’s racked by a choking sob that takes him to his knees.
I follow him down and take him into my arms. Why? I couldn’t say. I only know that he’s hurting and needs someone. I’m here, so it has to be me. Whether he wants me, or anyone, touching him hasn’t even entered my mind. There is no question, no hesitation.
Oh God, he melts into my embrace and just cries, and cries while I rock him and murmur vague reassurances.
John is big, with a good fifty pounds on me, but I give him every bit of strength I have. Whatever I have, he can take. Believe me, I’ve wanted to touch him for months, but not like this. I hate seeing him flayed open. Hate it.
I don’t ask what’s wrong, don’t want to pry, I just hold him and rock him while he soaks my ratty, old Radiohead sweatshirt with tears.
Luckily for us, I’ve already set up the pre-programmed files for the early morning shift. No one is scheduled to come into the studio for three or four hours, so we can stay there on the floor for as long as he needs.
I’ll hold him all night, if that’s what he wants.
After a while, John’s sobs grow quiet. I expect him to sit up and move away from me, but he doesn’t. Instead, he slips an arm around my waist and hugs me to him. 
The feel of him all around me…it’s indescribable. And suddenly the ache I have for him, the lust he inspires, is riding me hard, right alongside my compassion.
He rests his chin on the top of my head, and then it’s just him cradling me, me clinging. Never wanting to let go.
“Thank you,” he says into my hair, his breath hot and humid.
I’m too stunned to respond. Too needy.
His fingers wind their way into the curls at the nape of my neck, warm and insistent, and they feel so fucking good that I close my eyes.
“It’s soft,” he murmurs. “I knew it would be.”
I let out a shuddering breath as John draws back, keeping his hand on my neck. His other hand drops to my thigh, the fingers tensing over my muscle there.
I can feel his eyes on me, so I open mine and, God, the way he’s looking at me. The world shrinks to just the space we occupy on the studio floor.
John leans in, slowly, and brushes his lips across my jaw and up to my cheek. He breathes me in. It’s slow and deliberate, and every one of my nerve endings feels electrified.
Every muscle seizes like I’ve grabbed onto a live wire. I’m terrified, convinced that the slightest movement on my part would break the spell.
John’s lips find the corner of my mouth. He plants the softest, briefest of kisses there.
I shudder. Hard.
My breath leaves me.
“Thank you,” he whispers against my lips, and then he is gone from me, cold air rushing in to replace his heat.
I am undone.
I can only stay on the floor and watch him pack his things and go. I don’t take a breath until I hear the front door shut.
Before his recent distractions, the energy between John and I had been gradually changing. Our conversations becoming more relaxed, our lunches more frequent. It had felt like we were building momentum, though toward what I don’t know. And then he withdrew. Became preoccupied with whatever drove him into my arms tonight.
I won’t ask, but I hope he’ll tell me.
Tonight almost feels like the start of something. Despite his obvious pain, I am delirious with the possibilities.
John kissed me. Out of gratitude? Perhaps. I don’t know what to make of it, honestly. All I know is that it wasn’t enough. I would have been happier never having felt his lips graze mine. Never having had his arms around me, or his eyes drinking me in. His fingers in my hair.
And now…
It’s going to be a very interesting summer, I think to myself.

7.
I don’t get a summer with John Burton. I only get a few more days with him before he disappears. There are no more lunches. No more late nights watching him work on the other side of the glass. No more teasing grins. No more…anything.
And I don’t see him again until the air starts to cool, and the leaves begin to change color. Not for weeks. Not for months. It fucking sucks.
Dyer and Nicki both ask if I’ve heard from him. If everything is alright with him but, for all I know, he’s dead in a ditch somewhere.
The Monday after I last saw John, Burton Construction left a voicemail for Mario saying one of the other guys would come in to finish Studio A, and that if he had any issues, to take it up with the new contractor.
I’m the one with the fucking issue. I’ve been left to wonder, and worry, and eventually resent him for making me care in the first place.
Asshole.
Somehow, I’d come to depend upon John’s presence in my life, as if it were a given. Being around him made me happy, or close to it.
It isn’t that I was unhappy before John came along. I wouldn’t call it that, no. I’m not unhappy now. My world has plenty of texture and sound.
But John brought color and warmth to it, things I didn’t know I’d been missing. No amount of parties with Dyer, clubbing with Garrett, or moping in my flat tubthumpering to Ed Sheeran can replace it.
I wanted to know John Burton, had wanted him to know me. The real me. I believed he’d make good on his promise of friendship.
Instead, he fucked off to God knows where.
I don’t even have his number, and I sure as hell won’t call his office. If he’d wanted to stay in touch, he knows where I am. I wouldn’t even know where to begin to look for him anyway, so I don’t bother. I go on with my life.
And then, after finally accepting the painful realization that I’ll never see the man again, it sure is a shock to the system when he walks into Nicki’s house during her annual fall mixer.
Right now, John Burton is mere yards from me, and the only thing that keeps me from heading to the nearest exit is Dyer’s death grip on my forearm. 
John looks incredible, of course.
His hair is a longer than the last time I’d seen him, falling in thick waves that brush his shoulders. God, his shoulders. Are they wider than before? The man is built like an Aga stove. A butterscotch leather jacket hangs off his frame like it was made for him, and the burgundy button-down he has on underneath makes the copper and red highlights in his beard pop.
Bugger.
I take a deep breath and push it out. My heart pounds so hard it makes the ice tremble in my glass. My eyes, stretched wide to take in every inch of him, are beginning to dry out.
I should blink. I need to blink.
And close my mouth, because I’m actually gaping.
But he’s standing there, only a few feet from where I am riveted to the hardwood floor, and my brain can’t quite process this reality.
“Uh, Frankie, is that who I think it is?” Dyer’s talons tighten on my arm.
I think I nod, I’m not sure. I don’t have complete control over my body at the moment.
“John,” I squawk with a voice that sounds nothing like my own, more pubescent adolescent than radio personality. “John Burton, yes.”
“Holy fucking shit.”
Holy fucking shit is right.
“He’s here,” Dyer’s voice trails off. His eyes no doubt follow John around the room just as mine do. Just like most of the people in Nicki’s house, no doubt.
“Yeah,” I agree, and trail off myself because John could leave anyone speechless, but especially me.
He hasn’t seen me yet, which is a both a blessing and a curse. All I want is for him to look over here. For him to meet my eyes and flash that wicked, sinful smile of his, and to make his way to my side.
But if he does, then he’ll see how desperately I want him to do just that. He’ll know how much I’ve missed him. How heartbroken I was when he left town without so much as a see-ya-later.
And, fuck, that had hurt. Bonkers, I know, but it had.
Sure, I had no claim over him. We were barely even friends. Merely acquaintances, as far as the world knew. But we’d formed a connection, or so I’d thought, during the weeks that he’d worked at the station. And that last night, well…
John stops to talk to a group of women, all attractive and all clearly attracted to him. Naturally. I watch his magic pull them under from way over here. Nothing like a bit of self-flagellation on a Saturday night.
The tallest of the women, a stunning brunette with killer curves, places her hand on his bicep and he flashes a smile, turning his head toward her.
It’s a beautiful smile, to be sure, but it isn’t the one I want. The one he’d given me so freely and so often. It’s not my smile, so I tamp down my jealousy. Mostly.
“Breathe,” Dyer whispers, leaning into me. He places his hand on my chest and pushes.
Air whooshes out of my lungs and the fuzzy feeling in my head, which I hadn’t even noticed, fades.
“That’s better, now drink this.”
He hands me a shot glass with, well, I have no idea what’s in it, but I close my eyes and knock it back.
The liquor burns as it slides down my throat and into my stomach, but the burn settles me a bit. I chase it with the rest of my Bullet and Coke, setting the glasses down on a counter before I drop them.
“Thanks,” I offer Dyer a small smile. At least I try to.
He steps in front of me, putting his back to the room and to John. “Are you ready to tell me what happened between you two?”
I shift my eyes away from John and meet Dyer’s. His expression is sober. Dyer has always been up for a juicy bit of gossip, but I can tell that isn’t why he’s asking. He looks…concerned. 
“I’m okay.” I attempt to dislodge the frog from my throat. “Really.”
“Yeah, sure.” Dyer raises one skeptical, blond eyebrow.
I take in his deep, brown skin and near-white hair, his chiseled cheekbones, and dimpled chin. His full, lush mouth. Dyer is a beautiful man, built like a miniature gladiator and just as unattainable. If I didn’t know him well, I would think him aloof. But I do know him well. I know how fiercely loyal he is to his friends, myself included. It’s one of the things I love about the man.
People often wonder why we aren’t a thing. It’s because I know Dyer so well that I know we’d never work as a couple. Don’t get me wrong, if you need someone to help you hide the bodies, Dyer is your man. Ride or die, as the kids say. But Dyer doesn’t have it in him to settle down. Where I want a partner, Dyer just wants to get off.
That hasn’t been me since I was in my early twenties. And while I’ve been tempted by his powerful body and fuckable mouth, I’ve never given in to that temptation. For one, I don’t want to ruin our friendship. And I also don’t want to be another notch on his headboard.
“So, spill,” Dyer prompts, nudging me with his shoulder. It’s like marble.
I slump against the wall and turn my attention back to John Burton. “There isn’t much to tell.”
“Bullshit,” Dyer hisses under his breath.
“Fine.” He’s not going to drop it, and John is now thoroughly engrossed in his new harem. The brunette has wrapped her arms around his waist, and I want to scratch her eyes out.
“You know how we met, right?”
Dyer gives me a look. “Since I was the one that introduced you, yes.”
“Right,” I say, cursing my idiocy. “Well, he was often there working late. Sometimes to the end of my shift and beyond.”
“I know, lots of alone time.” Dyer wiggles his eyebrows.
I snort. “Nothing like what you’re thinking.”
“Shame,” he laments.
He has no idea.
“He would make requests.” I think back on the long, dark nights with John as my audience, supplanting anyone who may have been listening elsewhere.
“You don’t do requests,” Dyer states, frowning.
“You know what I mean.”
“Oh, you mean he’d tell you his moods. Gotcha. Go on.”
“I’d watch him work, climbing ladders and bending over buckets.”
Dyer makes a lustful sound and I can’t blame him. John’s body is honed from hours of hard work. He’d caused me to miss quite a few cues, I’d be so hypnotized by him at times. 
“What’s he taste like?” Dyer asks, and I startle.
“Wh-what?”
“What’s his taste like?” He repeats, unknowingly correcting the traitorous thought.
I swallow hard, trying to recover from my misplaced shock. “He likes the classics. Floyd, Zeppelin, Nirvana, Soundgarden.”
“Figures,” Dyer says. He leans his head against the doorframe, just next to my shoulder. I can smell the coconut oil from his shampoo. “I hope you introduced him to something from this century.”
I laugh. “I did. He really got into the Artic Monkeys.”
“Nice.” Dyer nods with approval.
John moves away from the gaggle of glamazons and heads in toward the kitchen. I see Simon in there too, all six-feet-four-inches of the London bad boy in leather pants. He’s sexy as fuck, but he knows it. It takes everything in me not to go in there. To make sure he doesn’t somehow sink his clutches into my John.
Just John. Not my John.
“So, you played some music for him. What else?” Dyer stands up straight and eyes me. “It takes more than questionable taste in music and a fuck-hot body to turn your head. You’ve been Debby Downer for months, now.”
Indeed. “Like I said, we didn’t talk much. At first.”
“And then?” Dyer prods gently, but he’s insistent.
“It was mostly chit-chat at first, you know. Nattering about nothing. We had lunch a couple of times, you already know about that. But, uh, one night it got a little…”
“Intense, I take it, from the faraway look on your face.”
I glance over at Dyer, and he’s studying me. I’ve never been able to hide much from him, dammit.
“Yeah, it was intense.”
“Good intense?” He asks, hopeful.
I drop my eyes to the floor. There are some things I can’t share. Won’t share.
“Good.” I look back to John. “Mostly.”
I relay a version of that last night to Dyer, one that excludes the breakdown that led up to the kiss, and he is riveted.
“Holy shit,” he says.
“Yeah.”
“So, this is, like, the delayed morning after.” Dyer cuts his gaze behind me.
I don’t have to look to know that John has re-entered the room. The energy has shifted, and the air thickens with my unease and, yes, my desire.
“Something like that.” The hair on the back of my neck starts to dance.
Dyer stares over my shoulder, his eyes like saucers. I can tell where John is just by tracking Dyer’s hazel gaze.
And then I feel him. John.
“Frankie, hi.”
The warm exhalation from his words washes over my ear and the side of my neck.
Slowly, I turn my head.
Our eyes meet, and my breath leaves me.

8.
“Hey, John, good to see you again.”
“Dyer. How are things?”
There’s a handshake and an exchange of pleasantries between them, but I’m caught like a mosquito in amber. John’s scent overwhelms me, cedar and citrus and a hint of masculine musk. I’m grinding my teeth, and I need to stop.
I do, but then I’m chewing my lip. And I look anywhere but at him, which is rude. Right?
“Long time, no see,” I finally say. How I am able to string together an actual, coherent phrase, I’ve no idea.
“Yeah, it’s been a while.” He lets his eyes skate over me before he turns them back to the room.
“Two months.” I spit this out like some jilted lover. God, I hate myself sometimes.
John’s gaze returns to mine. “No,” he almost whispers. “Sixty-seven days.”
Well, that was…precise.
“Frankie tells me you sort of disappeared on us,” Dyer pipes up.
I glare at him. I really don’t want John to think I’d been talking about him. Thinking about him. Dreaming about him. Worrying.
In the time that he’s been gone, my life has become one long routine. Wake up, eat, drive to work, drive home, eat (maybe), and then sleep. The monotony has only occasionally been broken up by Dyer’s invitations to go clubbing, which I usually don’t, Nicki’s concern, which I  try to ignore, and Garrett’s not-so-subtle hints that he’s still open to hooking up. Which I won’t. Ever. I know where that road leads.
“I did, yeah,” John replies, sheepish. “I had…family stuff that took me out-of-town.”
“You abandoned your work at the station,” I hear myself grouse, much to my mortification.
The sharp sting of disappointment at finding someone else there the following night, other than John, swept through me, stinging as fresh as a new wound. It had been a skinny red-headed waif who didn’t look strong enough to lift a paintbrush, let alone finish the shelving that John had started.
John ducks his head and runs a hand through his hair. I realize it’s not tied back and falls to his shoulders, thick and glorious, framing his face. I must be staring at it because a smile touches his lips when I look back at his face.
“I don’t always do the man-bun thing,” he says as if he’s reading my mind.
“I like it down,” I sputter, not even bothering to deny the ogle.
John lifts his hand toward me. It gets as far as my shoulder before he drops it.
“You let yours grow out?”
“Uh, yeah.” God, I’m such a prat. Why does he unnerve me so much?
The corner of his mouth lifts into a smile that is dead sexy.
Right. There’s that.
“Like I said before, it suits you.” John rakes his gaze over my wild mane.
Is that heat in his voice? No, no. Can’t be. My cheeks burn, regardless.
Dyer is standing right here, watching this exchange like it’s a damned rugby match. He knows me well enough to know that I’m about to lose my shit.
There’s an awkward silence in our corner of the room.
John rocks on his heels, eyeing us both. “Was I interrupting?”
“No,” Dyer levers himself off the wall. “Not at all, I was just about to refresh my drink. Could I get you anything, John? Another beer? Frankie, a shot of something strong for you, perhaps?”
He’s grinning, the wanker.
“I'm all right,” I grind out, glaring at him. “Thanks.”
“Nothing for me but thanks.” John’s smile is genial.
Dyer shrugs and wanders off, leaving me alone with the man I’ve dreamt about every single night for nearly half a year.
He lifts his hand to my elbow, the touch gentle, and I try not to jump out of my skin.
“Is there somewhere we could talk?”
John’s question, well, it surprises me and it doesn’t. Of course, he wants to clear the air.
“Sure, there’s a balcony just off the guest bedroom.”
“Nicki won’t mind?”
Nicki has these little parties a few times a year. She’s single and loves to entertain. Her apartment is designed for that singular purpose and is just as much a symphony of colors, textures, and styles as her office. She keeps every door open, as if inviting partygoers to slip away and indulge in whatever they might fancy. I often wonder if she’s got hidden cameras. Maybe that’s her kink.
“No, it’s fine.”It gets as far as my shoulder before he drops it.
John’s smile is my smile, the one I’ve only ever seen him give to me. I want to melt at the sight of it, but I have to keep reminding myself that this man isn’t into me that way. That we shared a painful moment. That we could be good friends if I don’t fuck it up by coming on to him. Assuming he has a reasonable explanation for taking off the way he had.
“Lead the way,” he says. 
I do, winding us through the crowd and down the hall. The hand in the small of my back sends a shiver up and down my spine. I ignore the lewd gesture that Dyer throws my way when he realizes where we’re going.
The guest bedroom is dark, but the light coming through the glass door is enough for us to make our way past the queen-sized bed. I only let my eyes flit briefly over its welcoming expanse and push any thoughts of us tumbling onto it, limbs entwined and John’s big body pressing me into the mattress, right out of my head. I hasten our exit.
“I wanted to apologize,” John starts as soon as I close the balcony door behind us.
The evening is crisp and fresh, and I can practically taste autumn in the air. It’s the perfect temperature for my overheated skin. I take a moment to compose myself. The faint smell of burning wood reaches my nose, and I inhale deeply. 
“For what?” I finally ask, looking out over the woods behind Nicki’s flat rather than at the man beside me. I don’t trust myself to look directly into his eyes, not out here in the dark, quiet night.
The moon is nearly full, waxing or waning I don’t know, but it’s bright.
“When I last saw you, I…you…” He’s almost shy, searching for words and shifting on his feet.
I’d jump in and help, but I haven’t a clue what he wants to say. I’d only comforted him. Been there for him when it seemed he’d needed someone. I would have done it for anyone, really. Him, especially.
I’d been drawn to John from the moment we met. I just hope he hadn’t been able to sense my need or seen the erection I’d popped that night when his lips brushed over my skin. I just hope it isn’t the reason he left, that I’m not the reason.
And there it is, my real fear.
Now, I’m shifting on my feet. We’re both dancing to silence.
“You were going through something, and I happened to be there.” I shrug, trying to calm the razor-winged butterflies swarming in my stomach.
John makes a sound in the back of his throat, something like a confirmation, and drops his head to his chest.
“Yes, you were.”
I want to ask what it was that had broken him down that night, but I don’t. Again, it’s not my place. He had thanked me. Twice. And had given me the sweetest, softest kiss.
My hand goes to the corner of my mouth as I remember his lips on my skin, and I feel his eyes on me. I turn to him, just my head. I keep my body forward and lean against the rail. It seems safer, somehow.
The moonlight streaks John’s hair with gold. His eyes twinkle like stars. He looks like some otherworldly thing, a selkie or a vampire, come to claim my soul. This man that disappeared from my life, such as it was, with a piece of my heart in his pocket.
“I should explain,” he begins.
I cut him off. “You don’t owe me an explanation, John.”
He rears back a little. That had come out more harshly than I’d intended.
“I mean…we don’t really know each other, so don’t feel like you have to explain anything to me.”
John’s eyes narrow.
“I was working extra jobs because I needed the money.” The words come slowly, as if he’s giving me time to process them. “Medical bills.”
My heart squeezes and before I know it, my hand is on his bicep, the same one the brunette had grabbed. “Are you…?”
“No,” he exhales. “Not me, my, uh, niece. Lexi.”
There’s an ache in my chest because his expression goes light at the mention of her name and then darkens.
“How old?” My voice has dropped to that careful whisper you use around the sick and the grieving.
“She’ll be twelve on Halloween.”
Oh God, so young.
Interpreting my expression, John’s eyes soften. “She, uh, she’s very ill…”
His voice scrapes and crawls over the words, and I can hear the fatigue. The defeat.
I put my hands on his shoulders and squeeze, willing him to take whatever strength I have. We’re silent for long minutes before John clears his throat and lifts his head to meet my eyes again.
“I’m so sorry.” I grimace at the futility of the words.
What do you say when someone shares this kind of news? Do you talk about God? Curse the universe? What platitude could possibly help at a time like this?
“After I saw you that last time, things went downhill pretty fast,” John goes on. “Her grandmother had a bad fall and was unable to care for her. Take her to appointments, etcetera.”
“Her parents?”
“Not in the picture,” he says, his voice tight. “I went to stay with Lexi, while her grandmother recovered.”
His seems okay now, so I remove my hands from his body and immediately miss the feel of him against my palms.
“I see.”
“Lexi was on a waiting list, but they removed her when the insurance company deemed her ineligible. We’ve been fighting with them and got them to agree to coverage. Even with the insurance, it’s going to cost a fortune.”
“Hence the extra work.”
John nods. “Fat fucking good it did. After months of waiting, they finally find Lexi a match, only to have the tissue destroyed due to contamination.”
“Shit.” I barely utter the word, stunned by the tragedy of the situation.
“She isn’t in pain.” John’s voice has gone soft and distant, rife with agony. “Her prognosis isn’t great, but she isn’t in pain.”
“That’s…good.” It’s the opposite of good, it’s a bloody nightmare. Poor kid.
“Yeah.” He nods. A single tear slips down his cheek and, instinctively, I brush it away with my thumb.
John flinches.
“I’m sorry, I…”
“No,” he says, grabbing my hand. His grip on me is light, but it burns hot. “I get lost in my thoughts sometimes. Anyway, I just…I wanted you to know what happened so that you’d know how much you helped me that night.”
John meets my eyes and I see it, the gratitude. And I know that I don’t deserve one bit of it. I hadn’t done anything but sit and hold him for a while.
“My ex-wife and I, we split up His seems okay now, so I remove my hands from his body and immediately miss the feel of him against my palms.
eight years ago.”
“I…okay.” Because what else do I say to that?
“You…when you held me, it had been the first time anyone’s done that for me in a long, long time.”
I gape at him. “What? How? What about your family? Parents?”
John shakes his head and presses his lips into a thin line. “I lost mom and dad years ago.”
“And your siblings?” I forget anything about hiding the fact that I’d looked him up online. His bio said he was a middle child.
John’s eyes harden for a moment. “We…don’t really talk.”
“Oh, John.” I sigh thinking of him alone in this. “You didn’t have to disappear. We were friends, I could have been there for you.”
Anger still sparkles at my edges, waiting to creep into my empathy. All this time, I could have been there for him. 
“Frankie…”
“I could have just, I dunno, sat with you sometimes. Listened, or just been quiet, but you…”
“Frankie, I…”
“Two months!” I swallow my frustration, close my eyes and will away the bitterness. “Why didn’t you just tell me what was going on?”
John blinks. He’s looking at me like he’s never seen me before, like I’m something he’s just discovered. There’s awe in his face, the way his lips part ever-so-slightly, and his eyes widen just a little bit.
I want to pull him into my arms and do everything I can to show him he is wanted. God, if he only knew how wanted he was. And I don’t know what expression is on my face right now, but he’s looking at me like…
Like…
“Fuck,” he mutters, dropping my hand and searching my eyes. “What am I doing?”
“I, uh, don’t know.” I’m nervous. Why am I nervous? “What’s going on?”
John reaches up and brushes a lock of hair off my forehead with the tip of his finger. His touch is gentle and sweet, but it scorches my skin like a brand.
I think I’m trembling. Either that, or there’s an earthquake and the epicenter is under my feet. And I’m going to bloody pee my pants.
What is happening right now?
“What am I going to do with you?” His voice is barely above a whisper, and there’s such warmth and affection in it, my heart stutters.
Anything you fucking want! I want to yell in response. I don’t. Not because I have control over my mouth, but because I’ve lost my power of speech.
“Could I try something?” He looks almost as scared and confused as I feel.
I nod, like a bloody idiot. Speak, man, useth thine tongue!
John inches closer, his eyes riveted to my lips, and I am dreaming. I have to be fucking dreaming, there can be no other explanation for why John’s big, warm hands are framing my face. No possible explanation. I must be passed out drunk in my room while my mind conjures up the perfection of John Burton’s lips brushing over mine.
The breath leaves my lungs when he increases the pressure, his fingers trembling on my cheeks. And when his tongue darts out to test the seam of my lips, I moan. And my knees give out.
John catches me, banding one strong arm around my waist as he hauls me against him. I gasp, and he takes the parting of my lips as the invitation I’ve been trying to give. If only I had control over my own goddamned body.
The taste of him, of his tongue sliding over mine. The feel of the coarse hair on his lip lightly abrading my skin. It’s more than I can handle.
I get my arms to work, and now I’m clutching his shoulder and his bicep.
He’s hard and strong, and so very hungry. Biting. Nipping. Sucking on my bottom lip.
It wrecks me. 
John licks into my mouth, reprogramming my brain with every stroke, and I fist my hands in the soft leather of his jacket. I can feel his erection pressing into my stomach as mine tries to rip its way out of my jeans. Jesus H. Christ, never in a million years did I think I’d ever get to taste him like this.
He pulls back, only far enough to look into my eyes. He’s panting hard and so am I, and he’s still holding my weight. Keeping me from falling and failing at the same time.
I’m plummeting, careening off into a place I never thought I’d ever be.
His hot breath fans across my lips, and I want so much more. I want so very much more. I grind my groin into his.
“Frankie.” John all but groans. His eyes are wide, fearful, but full of longing.
“Johnny.” God, I sound so small. So needy. And I don’t bloody care.
He eases his grip on me, which had been tighter than I realized. My ribs complain, but I ignore them. John rests his forehead against mine, and we’re both struggling with the whole breathing thing at the moment.
“I hope that was okay to do, I…I’ve wanted to for a while now.” His fingertips draw circles on my back. It feels so good.
“For sixty-seven days?”
John exhales and it’s such a sound of relief. Almost a moan. “Longer.”
“I didn’t think you...”
“I know.” His chuckle relaxes me a little.
He rests his hands on my hips, one thumb slipping under the hem of my shirt to stroke my bare skin. I can’t describe the noise I make, part newborn kitten, part whiny toddler.
“Was this just…curiosity?”
My voice sounds like I’ve been chewing on asphalt and my words crumble under the crush of it. I should feel used, but I don’t. I’ll take whatever John’s willing to give me. And yes, I know how pathetic that sounds. I am that desperate.
“No.” He shakes his head as he breathes the word. “No.”
He pulls me closer and brushes his nose along my hairline, down my temple to my cheek.
I shudder.
“Alright, good.” It’s all I can give him.
John pulls back again to look at me. He smiles into my eyes. “Yeah?”
I nod, mute and needing to pinch myself, though I never want to awaken from this dream.
Because John Burton is kissing me again.
