She rubbed her arms and looked toward the door, her eyes widening.
"How?" He asks, leaning forward to place his elbows on his knees.
"Please, don't let me hurt you."
His muscles twitched as she touched him, and he let out a small gasp.
Here, where we vacationed as we grew up, and everywhere I look, I see him.
"We'll ditch him in the fun house."
I don't know if he's seen what I'd been doing online, but I figure there's no reason for me to lie, at least.
A few drops of rain dotted her cheeks like tears.
You zipped up right after I told you about the mermaid."
The sun brightened and Mari shielded her eyes.
"I want you," I say, which probably sounds crazy to him because we're both spent, our cocks still twitching.
"She doesn't have a company phone," Devyn pointed out.
"Are you really going to mess us up over stupid shit?"
I'm sure he didn't know who he could trust."
"You know I'm moving away from the ocean.
It was love."
"You didn't have to walk me home," Andi said as she came to a stop in front of a door with an Eeyore sticker above the peephole.
He put the flashlights in a straight line from shortest to tallest.
They'd had absolutely nothing in common, but they'd hit if off almost immediately.
"You don't do requests," Dyer states, frowning.
Nothing would be left after she told Chase she didn't love him.
Look at you, so ready for me."
He needed to hurry, or there would be nothing left to save.
He knew these were the right words to say to comfort her, but the words did anything but ease his anxiety.
Our thirst for learning, our drive to reach the kids under our charge."
"As long as you're careful, I would say you have until your contract is up to turn this fucking mess around, which is really fucked-up since this wasn't your mistake," Lucas said, ramming his fingers through his hair.
She ignored him and kept walking, kicking at the sand in defiance with every step.
He pressed a kiss against her lips, his eyes locking with hers as he slid his arms beneath her legs and his hands found hers.
The sound of steel teeth parting fills the gaps between my breathless panting as he eases my zipper down.
She needed a change, Andi reminded herself as she plastered a polite smile on her face and stood up only to frown when the man that had been watching her since she sat down pushed away from the wall and moved to join them.
Hot and wet, with just the right amount of pressure to melt my brain.
It's like heroin, or at least how I imagine the opiate would feel hitting your bloodstream at a million decibels.
I wait until he meets my eyes.
It was a dumb fucking move, but one that he couldn't regret, not when being with her made him happy for the first time in years.
"What do you want, Franklin?"
Only two more, and he'd be standing on the beachnear the water.
The warmth spread over him like a summer tide and memories engulfed him, good memories of happy times.
He had to, as it might be his only chance, ever.
"I don't like the dark."
It starts off sweetly enough, but then, holy fuck, he's really going for it.
"We have a problem," Lucas said, grabbing a thick manilla folder from his bag and tossed it on the small table in front of him.
I'm gonna check the weather again, then I'll join you.
Chase watched it soar out over the beach.
He dabbed at the leaking ice pack again.
"Goodnight, G."
I turn to see who's uttered the filthy slur.
I'm smart enough not to take risks."
The brunette has wrapped her arms around his waist, and I want to scratch her eyes out.
People think it's strange until we meet up for quiz night at the pub.
"That's not what I hear," Nicholas murmured, looking thoughtful.
She was naked.
"Maybe think about what you would have done in his place.
You've been Debby Downer for months, now."
"I said stop.
There's a hint of a dimple.
I've never seen anyone eat like him.
Lead the way."
He slips a hand up into my curly hair and cups the back of my skull.
A fantasy.
I find the school's directory and look through it for a ‘Patrick.'
Why are you giving in so easily?" He squinted.
He smirked. "That he was a last fling before our marriage.
"Tell me about you and Luke at the beach.
I can smell the citrus and sandalwood of John's shampoo, or maybe it's his deodorant, and I quietly take it into my lungs.
Too bad they couldn't have spent more time together under different circumstances.
And the sex had been amazing.
I swirl my tongue around the tip, exploring every bump and ridge, every dip and curve.
Especially nice to be fantasizing about Chase.
"We've been spending a lot of time together, like I said, and it's been...well, it's been fucking incredible."
Perched on one elbow, I position my lips over the swollen head of his cock and lift my eyes to his face.
I don't know what to make of this shift in his mood.
"Better sit in the middle.
"Not for a few hours," Andi pointed out, shifting anxiously next to him.
As he turned the white disk over, it broke in half in his grip, and dusty fragments spilled into the air and onto the counter.
He cut through the beach access beside his bar and headed down the boardwalk to the stairs.
You had to be a fool to go out on the oceaneven that close to shoreon a surfboard.
The portrait occupied a prized spot on the bar wallone that would typically be filled by a mirror in most bars.
"And Chase doesn't want me," she babbled.
I may not survive this night.
I mentally kick myself when relief washes over me, but it's quickly followed by a wave of tenderness for this man that knocks the air out of me.
He's the CEO of Carta Hotels," the woman said with a polite smile.
That happened to other people.
"And I really feel like you should take pity on me and tell me what you know about this hotel," he said with a teasing smile that had her returning his smile as she glanced back down at her notes and found herself wondering about something.
I push myself onto him, and, just as I thought, he slips in easily.
"Don't fucking lie to me again," I growl, still angry but so in love with this guy.
My music library has gotten me out of a lot of sticky social situations.
"I won't," Drew said as he tightened his hold around her legs.
The breeze off the ocean rustled her long hair and whipped her sundress around her legs.
"You must think I'm really fucking weird."
"I'd forgotten how clear the sky is inside the eye.
Listened, or just been quiet, but you..."
For a moment, he lay there staring up at the ceiling and found himself thinking about everything that she did for him over the last few days and...
Cling to someone who understood? Someone who cared?
You look like you've been sucking a lemon.
If you'd asked me, I'd say he's the most confident person I'd ever met."
"Not until he's dead," Inna growled.
Many mermaids had shielding capability.
And yet there's such a fire in him, behind his eyes.
He's a bad person."
"I've heard Annalise whispering into Nanette's ear more than once about how much better you could do than me.
"I'm not done with storm prep at the shop."
"'Cause, babe, you can play it down all you want.
His grip is tight, almost painful, and there's a tick in his jaw.
And you choose to move away and leave me.
I didn't want to get to know myself, because I was afraid of what I'd find if I looked too closely.
Well, at least what's been passed down as truth.
Had he helped Inna hurt other people, too?
He does it with his whole being, holding nothing back.
An elf, maybe.
He needs to stop being so goddamned...whatever he's being.
The tension eased a bit through lunch, as the topic of conversation turned back to music and pop culture in general.
"I want to make sure it's perfect first."
I don't believe it either, but it's an interesting story."
He kissed her with bruising force, and she cried out.
After months of wishful thinking, I'm wary.
And about us.
"Miss Dawson, if you'll come with me?" he said absently as he glanced down at her resumé while Andi couldn't help but notice the pitying look the other woman was sending her.
She pretended to savor her coffee, eyes in slits as she peeked at Chase while he drank.
She'd feel lost if her sister diedand maybe do some crazy things too.
For several minutes they lay there, struggling to catch their breath as Devyn pressed a kiss against her forehead, the tip of her nose, and finally, he brushed his lips against hers before he pulled back and met her gaze as he said the three words that she'd never expected to hear.
Sliding his hand up her thigh, Devyn pressed his tongue against her clit harder, rubbing the tip of his tongue over her as he slid two fingers beneath her panties and slowly pulled the soft material aside, exposing the neatly trimmed hair protecting the swollen lips that had his cock throbbing painfully.
"I guess I'm not kissable in the daytime.
I've had dreams about that, ever since the night at the station when he asked me out.
Taller than me, which isn't saying much.
Fucking cookies!
It wasn't the same.
"Are we high enough here behind the dunes to be safe from that much water?"
While she did that, Devyn worked on running Carta Hotels, dealing with the board, and doing whatever it took to keep them happy and buy them more time.
Now he'd done what he feared.
"She's...very ill, awake now, but comfortable.
Music is my life.
Her eyes were closed, and she twirled, not once, but three times, before she opened them.
I wanted to check the shop door."
You've been cruel to me.
"I'm not here about the storm, though we'll need to board up in the morning."
I...I googled you a while back."
Without Regret
We've been a lot slower this afternoon.
"2345 divided by 82."
His hands found her breasts as he continued alternating between teasing her clit and sliding his tongue inside her, licking her hungrily as she lay there, wondering if she'd ever felt anything this good before.
It's a steady rhythm, and I feel my heartbeat slowing to match it.
"And another for my date."
He'd better be glad I didn't get my hands on him."
Yet, if she stayed alone, that punk might hurt her.
"I can understand that," Andi said with a sad shake of her head as she auto-filled her credit card information to hold the room.
Not like we can do anything without electricity."
He had thanked me.
"No wonder they canceled the ferry."
A small mermaid swam near the tentaclea mermaid with long pale hair, holding a pink starfish.
He landed right on top of her.
In addition to writing books, she's also a college instructor, artist, anime/manga and historical costumer, editor, and bad guitar player.
The fading light cast long, deep shadows over one side of his face and his strong features stood out in contrast.
Probably right after his mother died and he'd been forced to live off discounted Halloween candy for a month.
He'd gathered four flashlights from the kitchen, one from behind the bar, and a few pillar candles and matches, when the phone rang.
And never come back to the islandnever contact you.
"It's not that bad," I swear.
"Will it be loud, or can I leave the door open?" I try to keep my annoyance out of my voice.
"Stop it, Inna!
She'd never been brazen, and her face heated despite her outward boldness.
"What if I told you that I had to leave so that I could send your project to Roman Palms so that they could implement the changes you came up with immediately?" he asked, smiling against her throat when she went still.
I only let my eyes flit briefly over its welcoming expanse and push any thoughts of us tumbling onto it, limbs entwined and John's big body pressing me into the mattress, right out of my head.
He almost reached for her but stopped.
Not a tangible sense of loss, but an echo of what might have been.
"But both my sister and I are pretty good at taking care of ourselves.
He picked up the pickle spear and sucked on the end, his mouth contracting at the sourness.
The phone lines are blinking, but I'm not taking any more requests.
I'm pleased that he seems to like it.
I can't keep my eyes off John, and I'm worried that I'll scratch a record or miss a cue.
USA Today bestselling author Kerry Adrienne loves history, science, music, and art.
"That depends," Andi said, adding a little sniffle at the end there as she continued toying with his fingers while he lay there, unable to take his eyes off her as he thought about the last two days and...
Like slipping into my favorite pair of sweatpants at the end of a long day.
Breakfast?
I greet WKMP's general manager as he sets a crate of records on the ground and unlocks his 2012 VW Golf.
There's only a smattering of trees in my neighborhood, and even those are too young to do more than sprinkle a bit of confetti on the ground, but Bucks County, where the station is – and where John lives - is a fall lover's dream.
If she didn't know better, she'd say that Inna controlled the weather.
I guess it is a normal part of daughters growing up.
And now, just as things were going well between her and Chase, she might lose him forever.
I spin some MC5, X, The Noisettes, and Miike Snow.
He took care of practically everything.
Besides, it isn't like the rides will be open."
He sighs and slides his fingers against mine, back and forth.
"I guess you think I'm crazy now.
"Curiosity, I suppose."
He'd thought he'd planned it well with plenty of time to get off the island and go a couple hundred miles inland, maybe to Raleigh.
I guess that solves that problem.
She knew he held grudges, but this was ridiculous.
"I might have considered letting Chase move away if you'd asked me nicely."
Over the past three days...nothing.
If he were being honest with himself, he'd admit he would miss the bar and all the long nights of work and music and stories.
He turned to her, trying to keep his voice low and firm.
His voice is barely above a whisper, and there's such warmth and affection in it, my heart stutters.
Wasn't that what people did in times of stress?
The stretch, it burns, and it feels so fucking good.
Pleasure struck hard and fast and she cried out as an orgasm slammed into her.
I wish you'd stay inside."
Mari stopped and watched them too, her curvy figure leaning against the walkway railing.
Something was going on, and Mari was going to tell him everything.
I take in his deep, brown skin and near-white hair, his chiseled cheekbones, and dimpled chin.
A shudder passes through me, followed by a lightning bolt of desire that lands right on the tip of my cock.
"Your turn."
"Hey, I can't breathe."
Her brows furrow.
His muscles glistened with rain or seawater; she didn't know which.
"We don't have all day."
Garrett brought a bottle of wine.
He tossed Mari her sundress, then slid into his jeans and zipped them.
"I can help you make your selections, though I have to warn you.
She turned toward the stack of wood so he wouldn't see her blush.
"Her parents?"
A small chime had Devyn swallowing hard as he looked up and found Andi's phone in the bastard's hand.
Who knows what our options will be tomorrow."
Daydreams and swimming would have to wait.
"We go out all the time."
She hadn't felt safe and secure in a long time, and her breathing slowed as she relaxed.
John inspires so much music in me, but I haven't found his song.
She didn't let it overwhelm or cripple her.
It would just take a little longer than she'd planned.
He watched as her focus turned to confusion as she stared down at the light brown teddy bear that had taken him two days to find before her lips pulled up into a beautiful smile.
John Burton, Walt Whitman High School, Patrick
Starstruck Holidays: A MM Sci-Fi Holiday Romance Anthology
In public?
Garrett and I stopped a week or two before our break-up.
Right at this moment, when I'm so raw, I'm bleeding on the inside.
"You really want to know?"
Yes, I am a bit of a music snob, but he shouldn't know that.
She tugged more forcefully and moved to take him in her mouth.
Inna wouldn't either.
Not everyone can make it with a coastal shop."
I've never been like this with anyone.
It's my fault he's dead."
Add the peep show to the grudge and revenge plot, and Inna would kill both of them without hesitation.
And so damned tight, I start to babble.
Breaking off the kiss, Andi reached for that bottle of bodywash and squeezed more into her hand before tossing the empty bottle aside and turning around in his arms, reaching up and pulled him back down to pick up where they left off while she reached between their bodies and-
Every time I come in for my shift, I expect to find a note from Nicki, but she leaves me alone.
Then he reeled backward, almost falling off the platform.
She fingered the pearl pendant, twisting it slowly.
I look away, unable to handle the intensity of John's gaze, and stare unseeing at the computer screen.
Not for anyone.
Get control, mister.
"You'll be safer at home."
"Who is he and what is he to you?"
"You hate the clutter I make with my records and my gadgets, and my clothing lying about the bedroom."
"God, you'll never know how sorry I am."
The elevator doors barely had a chance to open when he was moving his ass, heading to his office, praying every step of the way that Andi was there.
She freaking loved quiet time!
What he faced now.
Lots of little girls with curls hanging to their waists and bright blue eyes...
No going barefoot on the deck today, it wasn't safe.
Serving Chase coffee in bed without his black T-shirt or pants.
You haven't told me how you feel about him."
He looked out to the dark beach.
I yank until I free myself, wincing, but the pain calms me down a little.
I don't want any stray projectiles to catch either one of us unawares.
We expect landfall not long after midnight at the storm's current speed..."
To escape.
The board would have fired his ass for gross incompetence.
Was this the end?
"Welcome to the Emerald Cove, Mr. MacGregor," the clerk said with that warm smile that didn't seem to help the situation as Devyn continued to glare in a way that told her that she was never going to hear the end of this.
"His baby sister.
After high school, she attended college, worked as a bellhop, fast food cook, and a museum worker until she decided to take an EMT course.
"I'm very thorough," Andi said, nibbling on a piece of bacon.
I hope my voice sounds firm.
So, they tried to scare me off by telling me about all the monsters and the ghosts in the school, how mean the teacher really was, all the gross things the cafeteria lady was putting in the food, and unfortunately, it worked.
Feeling more confident in her movements, she stroked him as she licked and sucked, grasping him firmly.
The naked woman stood tall, her deep-brown hair reaching to her ankles.
"I deserve to feel his death.
Let me try to brace myself halfway.
He doesn't think I'm crazy when I stop, mid-sentence, to point out the song that's playing in the restaurant while we eat.
He could see more fire than bar, and he knew it was over.
Lights lit up the room and sickly carnival music blasted from unseen speakers.
"He's not here," Mari whispered.
I want inside you," he practically begs.
"Huh?" Mari sighed as the image of her and Chase vanished.
John makes a sound in the back of his throat, something like a confirmation, and drops his head to his chest.
She reached for him and touched his arm and his tattoo burned like she'd touched him with a torch.
I'm a veritable treasure trove of useless knowledge.
"I have no idea since you haven't told me what I'm doing exactly.
I turn away enough to give him some semblance of privacy, quietly putting my things in my backpack, but I stay close.
One slides up my neck and into my hair, where he grabs a fistful of my curls, pulling me down into his hungry, greedy kiss.
"What?" My question brings John back to the present.
But John brought color and warmth to it, things I didn't know I'd been missing.
"How did she survive, being a woman in that time?
I know John was married to a woman, and that the marriage lasted for at least a few years.
The storm shutters banged a raging rhythm as the strong winds roared inland.
"If you'd be still, it wouldn't hurt."
"It's from the Police, a song called Tea in the Sahara."
She turned to Inna, and the words formed sticky clumps in her mouth.
The pier cut out to sea a hundred yards north, and fishermen and tourists alike would always head to his bar for lunch.
The sun is stroking the highlights of John's auburn hair as if it can't keep its fingers out of the wavy locks.
Not even a little bit, because she had plenty to keep her busy, and honestly, she didn't have time for anything else.
It didn't matter what her mother had promised him, or what her father owed him.
But you will find someone."
Of course Inna set the fire.
It never lies.
The sun, half-risen and bright, glowed behind her head like an orange halo, outlining the edges of her hair in bright relief.
If Chase ever found out the truth...
"I'll go grab the bags," he said, that muscle in his jaw working double-time as he turned around and left, leaving her with no choice but to see this thing through on her own.
"They changed the schedule.
Chase hefted the plywood and set it against the window, lining up the pilot holes.
It never occurred to me that I might be hindering his progress by forcing him to keep quiet.
Even the girls have noticed me slinking around our flat.
"We were having a difficult time putting the pieces together because of the missing files, but thankfully, Mr. Anderson was kind enough to create a fake hotel for every transfer.
He'd live in this moment, this night with her, with no promises.
We'll sleep on the couches."
After the often-crushing humidity of summer, fall in Philadelphia is crisp, like a ripe apple you can't wait to sink your teeth into.
I love music," he says.
Our time together meant nothing.
I'll hold him all night, if that's what he wants.
Where else would we hide?"
He pushed the door mostly closed and looked out into the park, a stripe of late-day sunlight highlighting his face.
The feel of him, tight around me, is almost too much to bear.
It takes everything in me not to look away.
"I can't," was all he could muster, and even that sounded like the most pathetic excuse.
A small smile tugs at the corner of his mouth.
"If what you say is truewell, it happened a long time ago.
Line-dancing area.
She loved the way that he gently caressed her cheek with his fingertips as he moaned her name until that wasn't enough.
There's barely any natural light, so John has off-white, rice-paper lanterns scattered in the corners.
Many thanks to:
"And once you're in a relationship, I find that going out on actual dates just doesn't happen."
When his hands found her breasts, she moved into his touch, the move causing her to be exactly where he needed her.
"I could ask you the same," I say, letting the water wash the soap from my body.
We need to get our hands on another iPad and a laptop, log into our accounts and download those files before he gets a chance to alter them or delete them."
It's delicious, in a perverted, self-destructive sense.
I've never been particularly empathetic, and I barely know the man, but there you have it.
Chase watched the hem of her shirt ride up again, this time enough to reveal the skin of her back.
She was alive and that's all that mattered.
Blood ran from his cheek, and he swiped and smeared it across his face.
There's day-old snow on the ground, and tiny ice cubes falling from the cloudy sky, but inside is toasty and warm.
"Come with me to Kansas.
She wasn't happy that he wasn't interested in the job.
After they'd graduated, Lucas's godfather gave him a junior management position at Carta Hotels while Devyn started at the bottom, working the overnight shift as a clerk for a chain of cheap hotels.
Well, that was...precise.
He had bumps and ridges everywhere he should.
This morning when he woke up and realized that she wasn't there, he'd realized just how much he liked waking up with her in his arms.
"It is a lovely hotel," Andi murmured in agreement with a solemn nod as she took her time selecting a slice of bacon off the huge platter in front of her.
If I lose everything..."
Chapter 11
Chase would never forgive her if he ever found out.
He looks up at me, his eyes so full of pain, a lump forms in my throat.
"I have no fucking idea, but I plan on talking to Lucas to see what he thinks," Devyn said, taking one last sip of his coffee before placing it back on his nightstand as she found herself wondering how someone who'd been working on a project for almost two years didn't know that it was-
He scanned the deck but only reflected moonlight and the remaining bits of debris met his gaze.
Mermaid's Purse is my responsibility, and if it fails, I've got nothing."
Snowed Undercover
"I‘m so mad at you," I whisper between kisses, gripping his shoulders so hard, I know I'm leaving bruises.
She leaned forward and pushed a kiss onto his jeans' fly.
"I don't hear the wind howling as much."
"Nothing for me but thanks."
When he rode it, he flew.
I wish my father were still alivehe'd understand.
Any other time, I would signal my dining partner to let them know where I was.
Of course it was worth it.
He pushed into his bedroom, navigating the dark space with ease.
Lingering outside in the wind and rain wasn't getting her any closer to her goal.
She'd felt so fucking good in his arms and-
Christ, he'd never seen her coming, Lucas thought as he considered the small woman that had destroyed everything that he'd worked so hard for before shifting his attention to the black BMW parked only a few yards away.
"Patrick and I, we could talk about anything and everything.
She didn't scare him.
He winks, and laughs, and something in my chest loosens a bit.
I want to see his face when he finds out all about us."
Chase shifted the small backpack higher on his shoulders.
"Why are you pouting?" came the question that had Andi releasing a shuddering sigh as she sat there, admittedly pouting, but for good reason.
You'll like him.
He poured a small amount of the golden-brown alcohol into his glass, then lifted it and took a whiff.
"Beer, if you have an IPA."
I came in at the right time to clean this mess up and keep you distracted, especially since the files were already missing before I was hired, which makes me believe that the angle that Lucas was going for was that I came in after the fact to clean up the mess for a partner, perhaps a boss.
You're going to go down there, sit down, and keep your mouth shut while I break the news to the board about the unfortunate circumstances surrounding your impending resignation.
I wiggle my eyebrows, just to let him know I'm teasing.
"You can't up and leave all you've built here."
Unfortunately for her, and her bacon addiction, the only restaurant within walking distance that made them closed hours ago.
Life isn't always fair."
It was either that or they got lucky, Andi thought as she thought over everything that they'd learned over the past few months and-
I want to take my time tonight."
For a moment, she debated whether or not she should ask, but...
He wasn't about to lose everything, not after everything he had to do to get to this point, which meant that he had to stay focused and keep his head in the game.
Almost reserved.
She didn't say anything but looked up at him with wild, wide eyes and kiss-swollen lips.
"No, thanks," she said.
"It's a good place to be quiet and just think."
The words come slowly, as if he's giving me time to process them.
He loved her, more than anything and he wasn't about to lose her because he'd fucked up and trusted the wrong person.
The night would be memorable, one way or another.
He peered down at her, his pupils dilating with need, and evidence of his desire reaching out to her.
My heartbeat pulses in its tip, and know I'm already wetting the front of my boxer-briefs.
When he pulled her fingertips to his lips for a kiss, she giggled.
He could barely believe it, as it felt like they'd been boarding up for weeks.
"The man in the painting."
I sound whiny and not at all sure about this, which I'm not.
Someone could see you."
Rows of bungalows lay along the road, empty for now, but each holding a family's memories within its walls.
Well, almost everything.
Swallowing hard, she watched as he pulled his belt free and dropped it to the floor as he toed off his shoes.
As he slipped into the ocean, he shifted into a dark, tentacled beast and slithered into the deeper water.
For now, it had to stay hidden.
We don't know what happened."
A stiff breeze rustles the trees above our heads, blowing my hair into my face.
When I was old enough to dress myself, she says I didn't give a shit about girls' clothes or boys' clothes, I liked what I liked.
She would go on and on about it, and that wasn't good for either of their anxieties.
It was almost like he was a mood ring with a short-circuiting sensor.
"I wish I could do that, but I don't know how."
"And you?"
"I have to question the logistics of what the report said because I'm not sure how Mrs. Grady would have been able to bend me over her desk with her bad hip and-"
He couldn't protect anyone anymore.
He needed answers and he couldn't get them from behind a desk.
Maybe they were staging a rescue."
In short, I was the guy sitting on the arm of his boyfriend's chair staring off into space while everyone around him espoused the genius of someone named Lena Dunham.
I need to see him.
"Plus, we didn't get a lot of sleep last night.
John's laughter rumbles against my back.
Inna struggled and the guards shoved him to the ground, face-first.
"Sorry if I touched a nerve."
Between going through the Hillshire Hotels' files and taking care of him, she was exhausted.
"What are you doing, can I come over?"
If I stretched out my arm, I could touch him.
He set everything down in a pile, caught the rolling flashlight, and then grabbed the handset.
"I thought that was only a story," she said.
And now it's my turn to dispense justice."
Unless Inna went upstairs to the bar.
She put her foot back onto the couch and closed her eyes again.
They should have deleted the rows instead of just hiding them, but that probably would have alerted the accounting department to the embezzlement sooner.
Maybe I've earned some leeway.
"It's my heartbeat," Devyn said, turning his hand over so that she could see the new smartwatch that he'd purchased to link his heartbeat to the bear's so that no matter where he was, she would never have to sleep alone again.
"Does she live far away or something?
She's mistaken," Lucas said, sighing heavily as he gestured for security to show her to the door.
"Walk me through how the requests were made."
Besides, he didn't deserve to be close to anyone anymore.
"Some things," he begins after a long minute.
Her hand trembled as she opened the hinged box, and she blew out the breath in a long, slow whistle.
His seems okay now, so I remove my hands from his body and immediately miss the feel of him against my palms.
Swimming away wouldn't solve anything and it wouldn't save Chase.
I can protect you then."
The glow of moonlight spread across her face like sparkling fairy dust over a summer meadow.
"I can see that you're off in your own little world now, so I'm going to head back to work now," Drew said dryly, not that she was listening since an idea came to her, one that had her absently murmuring, "Love you, too," as she climbed off the bed and grabbed her iPad.
"Can't you go to a motel or something?"
"Let's go," he said, gesturing to the elevators and destroying her last hope of sleeping in her own bed for the first time in a month.
"Yeah, though he's down in Florida."
Inna wouldn't kill his family, would he?
"Dyer recommended we do the chef's tasting."
"You're a little neurotic," he continues.
"More than Dyer?"
And good riddance."
Pursued the ship all over the Caribbean.
She wiped the last tears from her cheeks.
He filled her completely, unlike any other man she'd been with, not that there'd been many.
Mari put her arms around his waist and lay her head on his back.
She smiled and pictured herself as a barista, dressed in a tiny pink skirt and tall heels, no panties.
I'm too stunned to respond. Too needy.
I also hate the fact that someone will be in my space tonight.
Her legs wobbled as she adjusted to standing on land for the first time in weeks.
He dropped off the files that Devyn needed her to go over first thing in the morning and picked them up at night.
He was leaving and would never see her again.
I open my mouth to say come join me when John's phone rings.
She held up a plate.
"One of the largest on the East Coast."
My uncle took good care of us.
I'm a storm girl."
Another gust of wind pelted her with prickles of sand, and she wiped her face.
The aroma of her coconut soap wafted up to him.
But he was wiser now.
Of course she wanted to know how the jelly was.
Damn birds were loudespecially in the quiet of the post-storm island.
From the distance, Mari could see Inna's scowl.
"I've been meaning to go there.
Are they wider than before?
Then I'm everybody's golden boy.
She kissed and licked his length, noting the way that it became harder with every touch of her tongue as she wrapped her hand around him and took the tip between her lips and moaned.
Family and pirate and all."
There is one double ten-inch I've been after for bloody ages, a rare pressing of The Police's Regatta de Blanc."
She jumped to the last platform before the door, then stepped up to the landing.
I arch and shimmy and squirm as waves of pleasure pulse through me, from the soles of my feet to the crown of my head, and I disintegrate, clenching and releasing and clenching again.
"Good intense?" He asks, hopeful.
She'd protect Chase as long as she could.
With Hillshire Hotels reorganizing and ready to sell off some of its properties to save itself, they didn't have a lot of time to waste.
He set his glass of water on the coffee table between them.
I'll be his first for everything.
He used to find reasons to stay after school, detention, clubs, anything was better than going back to rundown motels and boarding rooms without heat.
I scroll further and stop, not really able to wrap my head around the headlines for these articles.
I catch him in my arms, taking his weight so that he doesn't face-plant in the middle of the street.
"We want different things, Frankie," he'd said, and it hadn't come as a surprise.
"What's this about, Lucas?" Devyn asked because Lucas was the last person that he wanted to talk about Andi with.
"I heard you sold the bar.
For the first time in her life, she didn't care that she was in over her head or that she was probably making the biggest mistake of her life, not when he kissed her like this.
He turns my head the way he wants it so that he can plunder my mouth, and I take it all.
"I don't know what Lucas has planned, but until I can make sure that you're safe, I need you to stay with your brother," Devyn explained as he placed the iPad and laptop in her backpack and handed it to Drew.
Or were they in love?
She paused to see if he was joking.
"Tell me that this is enough."
He and Luke had loved the birds when they were kids, but after owning the bar, he realized what a nuisance they could be.
"I'm not used to being snuck up on.
My cock dribbles nonstop, leaving threads of precome against my stomach.
We had so much more in common.
It'd sure be handy to talk to himhave him on her side in case the approaching figure turned out to be a menace.
As sure as he was that he couldn't get close to anyone, he longed to feel her touch.
The sun warmed the top of his head and his shoulders, and the heated sand toasted his bare feet.
I smack him on his rock-hard abs.
Every nerve in her body hummed.
"You too," I reply over my shoulder, as he starts his engine.
When she stepped, the ground seemed to fall out from under her feet and she stumbled on air.
My skin is beech with a hint of henna, my wild, black curls have minds of their own.
"If my calculations are correct, I would say a little over twenty-two billion, forty-seven million, two hundred fifty-seven thousand dollars and eighty-three cents.
"This is a long series of firsts for me," he says, his voice quiet.
John's hand, which he's lifted to sift through the hair at my nape, drifts down to cup the back of my neck.
"Has anyone ever...confronted you?
The winding path through the rides was mostly clean of sand and debris, and only a few of the rides and sideshow games showed any evidence that a powerful storm had ripped through the night before.
I mean, fuck.
For now, we need to figure out what to do."
It wasn't any different.
My skin is suddenly too tight, and my dick is arguing loudly in Garrett's favor, reminding me that we hadn't had sex in weeks before the end, so it's been - let me count - Jesus, nearly two months since I got laid.
"Better?" he asked, surprised at his breathiness.
Mermaids were often spotted during a stormthat is when sailors needed them, and when they helped humans most.
I take it back, he needs to stop doing that.
Dyer smiles, tossing the strap of his messenger bag over his head.
She was supposed to be able to do a hundred different things at once and-
"Michelle was my first," he offers.
The more he breathed the decision, the more it became clear that she was meant for him.
"Swimming lessons.
After wiping my mouth with the back of my hand, I slink to the floor by the (blessedly cleanish) toilet, unable to move.
He stared into her almond-shaped eyes, then moved his hand and turned away.
"I think it made everything better," she said, absently tracing his fingers, careful of the cuts.
He must see this because he continues.
Inna was already on the ropes, scaling like a spider on a web.
I know you feel the pull to the sea like I do.
"Why didn't Christopher stay on land with her?
And I'm not gonna lie, I get off on living vicariously through others.
"I'll post guards near the beach," her mother said.
My voice sounds like I've been chewing on asphalt and my words crumble under the crush of it.
"You said he changed it," Garrett countered.
"You're going to love the fourth grade," Uncle Shawn said, smiling as he picked her up and placed her on the chair as she frantically shook her head, knowing that this wasn't going to end well.
I frame his face in my hands.
"Lot's happened in the past couple of days."
"He's covering his ass," Devyn said, watching as she returned her attention back to the email and-
Pinching the jacket for Sign O' the Times between two fingers, I ease it off the shelf.
"If I had my way, we'd take out the privateer's whole linewomen too.
What a phenomenon."
At first, I assume it's for work or for Lexi but, when I ask, he dodges the question or distracts me with sex.
She'd fantasized about sucking him off many times, but it was never this good, this real.
He was headed directly for them.
It's intangible.
Merely acquaintances, as far as the world knew.
Reds and blues and bright yellows swirled and clashed along the walls.
It's me you want, not him.
A big part of me wants to pull John into my arms and shield him from everything and everyone that would ever wish him harm.
What a day.
I've done it a thousand times."
That's the best news I've heard in ages."
No dark water surrounding him, just the bright and cold glare of sterility and the smell of bleach.
And I'm sitting here in the bar that was supposed to be both our legacies."
Nicki's skin is a deep, rich mahogany that must have been painted on by the hand of God himself, it's so perfect.
"I'll keep her safe," Drew said, making Andi wince as she hung over his shoulder, struggling to keep the terror at bay.
Humid, warm air rushed in and filled her lungs, and salty dampness coated her face.
He lets his eyes skate over me before he turns them back to the room.
His dimple is just so adorable.
She didn't want this day, no matter how hard the work was, to ever end.
"Frankie," John breathes into my wet hair.
The waves crashed on the sand and the water pooled near her.
When someone tells you they've had it all and done it all, and feel no need for more when you're still reaching for every goddamned thing life can offer, what is there left to say?
"We have nothing but time," Andi said, smiling hugely as she placed the colorful sack down at the top of the slide and gestured for him to sit down.
But the studios have needed working on for a long time, and I'm glad our last fundraiser was enough to at least start on it.
His eyes blaze in the dark, but I can't make out his expression.
"It's complicated," he said, picking up a file only to toss it back on his desk and go still when she blurted out, "I have to tell you something."
Placid, green oceans filled those same eyes when someone needed a helping hand.
"Two months!"
A local directory yielded a little info on John Burton, owner of Burton Construction.
And would have killed Chase if she hadn't been there to save him.
She reached to her throat, but words had dried on her tongue.
And it could burn down the bar.
I don't know what I was expecting from the residence of a man as talented with his hands as John is, but this isn't it.
I've wanted to have my own shop on the beach my whole life.
The smile he gives me is stunning.
"Need a beer or some water or something?"
She pressed against him harder, well aware that he couldn't move until the screw was in or the plywood would fall.
"No," Devyn bit out as she did a search for nearby hotels and found the one that she was looking for.
"Thanks a lot, man.
I like seeing him like this, so close to the edge so soon.
Chase turned toward her, his eyes looking through her.
"I think I can handle that," the man that still hadn't told her what job she was interviewing for murmured.
Chase pushed Mari off his shoulder and leaped up, his heart throbbing in his throat as a wave of nausea rolled through him.
Big trouble.
"It's too soon to tell," Devyn said, sighing heavily as he slid the daily report into his coat pocket.
To be with me, forever?
She moved to look out over the railing and saw the lighted pier lanterns bobbing as the pier swayed and groaned under the weight of the swollen waves.
"The eye should make landfall approximately midnight or a little after, depending on whether the storm slows a lot as it moves inland.
The way you are with music, that's how he is with beer.
What was the point of all this – of us -  if you can't trust me?"
We're so very different from one another.
There's awe in his face, the way his lips part ever-so-slightly, and his eyes widen just a little bit.
She struggled to climb the pile of sand, her flip-flops in one hand.
Or what's left of it."
He could face her now, find out exactly what the man meant by "engaged."
One way or another.
Until John Burton.
I glance over at Dyer, and he's studying me.
A mermaid has no business on land, and now look what's happened.
Mari dipped under the water as a large wave washed over her, then came back up, slicking her hair away from her face.
God, if he only knew how wanted he was.
When she deepened the kiss, he wished she were on a bed where he could press harder against her, feeling every contour of her soft body beneath his.
He set his plate beside hers.
"But, really, I tend to go along with whatever.
We also discovered the responsible party, James Jamerson," Devyn explained, making Harold frown in confusion.
"I like listening to you."
This is the best news ever."
I nod, reaching up to hold his face in my hands.
"I really don't, though," Andi said, sniffling at the end there as she once again found herself heading towards another long night of searching through files and trying to come up with a way to improve the hotel's bottom line as she kept an eye out for anything that could help them figure out who the mysterious James Jamerson was.
It didn't help that she'd been afraid to close her eyes, terrified that if she closed them for even a minute that something would happen to him.
"You're from Scotland?" He asks, his eyes following the flight of a bird from one treetop to the next.
"My mom loves me, Chase.
He's a good guy, and I enjoy talking to him."
Not too much, too soon.
"I should get back to..."
Another romp with him would drown out any fears she had.
He looks so happy.
Now, there was no chance of saving Chase from Inna's angerhe had every mer-legal right to kill the man who'd seduced his betrothed.
Inna wasn't going to mess things up with Chase.
Aren't those reasons enough?"
The day had been a cacophony of noises from wind to Inna to rain to cheesy music.
Still, I can't say I'm not disappointed that we won't be strolling hand-in-hand through the fair.
She stared at him as he tried to maneuver partway down the sand-covered stairs, and his pulse raced at the scrutiny.
And this nightmare will be over."
He'd thought about that a lot and just how badly he wanted to do it again.
He spoke her thoughts aloud.
And then, after finally accepting the painful realization that I'll never see the man again, it sure is a shock to the system when he walks into Nicki's house during her annual fall mixer.
She was going to spend the rest of her life telling herself that it was good enough, she thought, deciding that definitely earned another heartfelt sigh.
"Shut up, woman."
He follows them down to the floor and helps me step out of, first my Vans sneakers, and then the denim.
This time, Travis led her through the large hole in the side of the ship, making her smile as she watched yellow, orange, and blue fish race out the other side, following Travis as he made his way back up to the surface and-
Why is it suddenly hot out here, has summer returned in the last hour or so?
He stood, dabbing his eye with the ice pack.
When I call Dyer and ask him to sit in on my shift, he only hesitates for a moment before agreeing.
"Oh, you mean he'd tell you his moods.
"What's this?" I ask, removing the paper, though I already know.
LOCAL HIGH SCHOOL TEACHER ARRESTED ON SUSPICION OF SEX WITH STUDENT
I was unhappy."
As his skin heats, his earthy musk hits my senses, making my mouth water.
I can't move, don't want to, and John seems content to have me covering him.
Unless there's a ghost tattoo artist around the island, I swear I don't know where these tattoos keep coming from."
Who in the twenty-first century doesn't Google someone after meeting them?
"No, the regular had a family emergency."
One thing was for certain.
"Look at me, Mari," he said, squeezing her knee.
Their cousins, the Sirens, sang a song and trapped a man.
"I need one more thing," Chase said.
The muscle tenses under my palm, and I drop my arm to my side, sighing inwardly.
I scroll down and find one story that has a video.
Like they had a connection beyond the present.
The deep-blue sky burst with hints of orange where the sun hung low in the west.
The tattoo that marked her as mermaid.
That's worth celebrating.
He slammed her against the covered window, pressing his body against the length of hers.
"Right now, I'm occupied with these eight."
Wherever you go, I'll be watching you.
Swallowing hard, he listened as Andi quietly tiptoed throughout the small apartment, shutting lights off as she went and then-
You got a fucking virgin!
But it's a peaceful walk that not many people know about.
He'd better switch to the cheaper stuff soon, or he'd regret drinking up his reserve stash.
Instead, he fucked off to God knows where.
This wasn't just about sex.
I feel the flood of warmth and wet surround my cock as I pulse, spilling into the condom.
Nine Inch Nails fills my head.
"Don't speak to my daughter with disrespect.
He didn't know.
Anger darkens the green of his eyes from emerald to forest.
Quiet time?
She'd wanted to ask him why he'd gotten it, since she first saw it after Luke's death, but it seemed like such an intimate question.
John's words should make me feel better, but they don't.
Slowly, I turn my head.
"And you have to tell him you don't love himnever did."
Dyer's right, I haven't spoken to him, or anyone, about what's happening between John and me.
The slightest of pulls from his hand on my nape has me leaning down to him, but he stops my descent before I can touch my lips to his.
Better to get the evening over with and worry about the bar tomorrow.
He'd been given two years to turn this mess around, and so far, he'd been able to surpass every expectation, but now that his contract was set to expire in a few months, Devyn was having a hell of a time getting anything done with every assistant that he hired quitting and making his life a hell of a lot harder than it needed to be.
That had been met with a horrified look and a slight trembling of her bottom lip that had him quickly promising never to touch her notebook again.
"I loved my mother.
"Analog is so much warmer than digital," I say.
Based on what they'd said, he'd been hoping that she would be able to quickly adapt to her new role, but so far, it wasn't working out.
His eyes no doubt follow John around the room just as mine do.
"As soon as possible."
Clearing his throat uncomfortably, Thomas Brandon, assistant manager of the Carta Castle Hotel, said, "He quit."
Dyer rolls his lips inward as I eye him, and I can't help but poke at him.
Oh, and you make soup.
It's not my smile, so I tamp down my jealousy.
Too many times, he'd stopped himself.
At least I try to.
Then sing her heart out.
A butterscotch leather jacket hangs off his frame like it was made for him, and the burgundy button-down he has on underneath makes the copper and red highlights in his beard pop.
"I try to get the early classes, so I can be done by early afternoon."
My skin there is on fire.
I want to engage him, to bring back the cheeky inquisitive guy that used to grab lunch with me every other day.
"I'll walk you out."
That looked confident, didn't it?
Christ, out of all the women that he'd sent to lure the bastard, the secretaries, assistants, and that fucking hooker, and the woman that had finally brought him to his knees was a small woman who had no fucking idea what she was getting herself into.
"The park, silly.
He pulled her farther under him.
"Ditch the shoes," Chase said.
"You can spend next Christmas with my family," she said with a firm nod as though that settled everything.
He raised his gaze to meet hers, and for a moment, "spend the night" took on a whole new meaning.
"And we don't know when the portrait was paintedwhether it was before he disappeared, or afterward, on Amelia's direction.
Oh gods, how long had he been watching?
My patience is thin.
"You mean your room," Lucas pointed out as Devyn sat there, clenching his jaw as he met his best friend's gaze head-on.
In real life, he was better than any fantasy, and things were simply too perfect.
"Clearly, it likes you too."
"It's a lot of work."
And I don't see him again until the air starts to cool, and the leaves begin to change color.
"Me too," he says and kisses me gently.
"Since I was the one that introduced you, yes."
How could he consider this?
All Mine Series:
"Just ignore him," she said with a conspiratorial wink and smile.
You've taken that thing a million times."
"Careful," he says as I step over the edge.
The picture was a total diversion.
Inna's head snapped up.
Making a mental note about that for later, he set it aside only to frown when he saw the financial report beneath it.
Appreciate it.
He pulled out his razor and cream.
"Saturday works."
He was her boss and she was a complication that he didn't need right now, Devyn reminded himself only to realize that he didn't care.
I'll hide in the dune grassI want to hear you break his heart.
Too close.
It's as if all the weeks and months of wanting him or trying not to want him, have coalesced into an incessant need.
Or no shirt.
John nudges my shoulder when one woman tells me she earned her bachelor's degree listening to me while she studied.
"You'd be surprised.
Not enough places to hide."
"Looks like he passed out," the guard said.
"I'll have your name added to the list," he promised, making a mental note to put her name on the list if she was still here at the end of the week.
As long as I'm with you, everything will be fine."
Chase had taken the money and built the bar.
He poked at it with a piece of driftwood, trying to see if it had tentacles, but all that was left were stubsmost had been sheared off as the tide brought the jellyfish to shore."
"We're well equipped for dark, then."
Even more unusual up in New Bromley.
"I like you too much, I think."
"Well, this was fun," Andi said brightly with a satisfied sigh as she made her way back to the elevator.
It's a hot day, but inevitably cooler up here than it would be in the city.
Is that heat in his voice?
Too bad diverboy hadn't shown any instalove back.
Of course she could read.
"I assume he felt obligated to finish out his contract as privateer.
We'd sometimes grab a bite to eat afterward."
I also found the emails and letters from Hillshire Hotels to the fake account that Mr. Anderson set up, informing him of the hotel's dire situation.
John...I don't know what he's doing, but he is looking at me, and suddenly I feel exposed.
How would he tell her that he wanted to stay on the island, wanted to take a chance with her?
"I quit!" she managed to get out before returning to mumbling, "We're going to die!" over and over again as she released the cutest fucking sniffles while he did his best to stop fucking smiling.
"Carta Hotels' board has decided after careful consideration that it might be in their best interest to find someone who shares their vision," Devyn said, looking lost in thought as he absently drummed his fingertips against the armrest.
Against his mates' recommendations, he threw the rope ladder over the side and she came aboard.
Did you know the 1893 fair in Chicago was the celebration of four hundred years since Columbus landed?"
She shielded her eyes from the bright sun and strained to see if she recognized the dark figure approaching from the northern section of the beach.
"I think some of the other guys plan to come by the bar to help, so I don't have to have you here, but there'll be work if you want it."
"Doesn't look like she got the message," Lucas said, sounding amused.
Sure, he'd enjoyed swimming in the oceanspent a couple years diving on WWII wrecks for the US Navy.
The only thing I hear is my pounding heart, our mingled breaths, and the snick-snick-snick of...
He believed me for years."
Again, with the stupid.
"Why can't you leave us all alone?
And although John isn't technically a virgin, I can't help but feel like I'm about to deflower him.
I can't believe I hadn't noticed when the music stopped.
A large percentage of guests going to the Winter Wonderland in January are only going to kill time and the others are locals just going so that their children can go on the ice slides.
He bent his head, and her lips met his with a slow kiss.
She was surely tired too, but she hadn't complained a bit.
Inna was waiting, and he didn't like to wait.
I'm fucking Johnny like an animal, getting closer to God, using the rhythm of the music to drive us both insane.
She didn't want him feeling bound to her because she'd saved him or because he was physically attracted to her.
Looks like it started with Christopher.
Until that terrible day, he'd always been able to protect his younger brother.
Seize this moment and hold it tight because we never know what the next moment's going to bring."
And it's pretty far-fetched.
"It is and it isn't," she said, worrying her bottom lip between her teeth, wondering why she couldn't seem to figure out what she wanted.
She could swim another day.
He had a good crew."
"Which is why I contacted Hillshire Hotels and asked them to send the files again when I let them know that you weren't going to be able to make it to New York to meet with their CEO.
She'd saved him from death, for goodness sake.
"Are you worried you won't get off the island before the storm hits?"
I need to know what's going through that enigmatic head of his.
"You like me when I'm hard," he says, laughing.
"I really don't think that I can do this," Andi stressed as she continued taking in the room that they were expected to stay in.
He grinned and lowered himself to her, his warm skin setting her afire more.
Good-looking, hard-working, and sensitive, he was all that.
Never knew what I was missing until now.
He reached up and took down the mermaid sun catcher, then set it gently into the box, surrounding it with packing material.
He'd never made promises, never offered more than he could give, and it was never anything that he couldn't live without, but God help him, he knew that he'd lose his fucking mind if he had to live without this.
"We talked about that," Andi pointed out as she googled Hillshire Hotels to see how they were holding up after yesterday, only to swallow hard when she saw the first headline.
My focus is on the Big Plates section of the menu until John's voice rumbles across the table.
It's a necessity."
It only takes one breach, and there'll be water and mess all over the bar."
He winced as a streak of pain shot through his face at her touch.
Will there be?
"Oh yes, we'll be married.
"More," he responds.
Determined to ignore it, she cleared her throat, slapped a smile on her face and watched as Devyn's eyes narrowed on her as he reached over and plucked the phone out of her hand.
Can't you get out of the contract?"
"I'd go for a swim if I didn't worry about all the debris in the water."
He's blinking up at the ceiling, and he's gone quiet.
No sign of Inna anywhere.
A bit worried about the storm, yeah."
It probably saved me.
She was always at the hospital.
Mari leaned over to see.
I don't think I've ever met anyone so ready to experience joy.
Whether she had hidden it, or he hadn't looked closely enough to see it, he didn't know.
I have the overwhelming urge to kiss him there, and so I do.
"I guess you weren't kidding about the whole birthright thing."
"I can't give you what you need.
I don't know how long we stand in my doorway, but I eventually slip out of his arms and lead him over to the couch.
I'm sure they made the best decision, given the conditions."
His voice pours over me like melted chocolate.
"We'd better get to work."
"So, I think I figured it out," Andi said, already completely fucking lost in whatever was on the iPad that she'd managed to get her hands on as she rolled onto her back.
"I love seeing you wearing that necklace," he murmured.
He lifted her chin and kissed her, his lips pressing against hers in fervent desire.
Her heart thumped and she whistled the Imperial March from Star Wars.
It's the least I can do."
"I'm sorry you had to leave a job you loved, the place you grew up," I say, and I mean it.
I'm fuller than I've ever been, stretched and aching with a pleasure I can barely process.
She loved the way the light streaked across his angry eyes like a flash of lightning over a dark sea.
The setting sun streamed across the park, casting long shadows of rides onto the empty beach like an invading army of giant insects.
Before she could finish the sentence that promised to break the perfection of the moment, he tipped her chin higher and grazed her lips with his.
I hear the tell-tale snick of the cap of a bottle, and then cold liquid drips down my crease.
Seemed like baseball was always on lately.
Thunder echoed in the distance and stalks of bright lightning dropped out of the sky near the horizon, momentarily lighting up the surface of the ocean like polished silver.
I don't have to tell him twice.
Besides, if anything happens, I'll be right there to keep you safe," Travis said as she forced herself to look away from Devyn, wondering what the hell was wrong with her.
That look has me trembling.
"I'll leave you to negotiate that with John," Gayle answers as she gathers her things to go.
"...wasn't a homophobic asshat?
Amelia swam into the still waters, and when she saw Christopher, she lifted her arms like she wanted to board the ship.
"I'm going to try," Nicholas said, his lips twitching with amusement as he helped himself to another slice of bacon.
John toes out of his Skechers and lifts, first one leg, then the other as I strip him of his jeans.
She peered out the window and whistled Jingle Bells under her breath.
"I did," he readily agreed as he began caressing the back of her hand with his thumb.
"So, I couldn't help but notice that there was a lovely hotel on the way here," Andi pointed out, already reaching for her phone.
"I enjoy those things," he says, a frown over his beautiful eyes.
Wasn't that the legend?
There are stars behind my eyes, and a whirring sound in my ears, followed by pounding in my ribcage.
Step by step, he drew closer.
In the meantime, I try to stick to mornings at the school district."
"Sure, there's a balcony just off the guest bedroom."
In fact, he looks like he hasn't slept since primary school.
Within seconds, his gaze went from panicked to determined.
"I was almost killed by a tourist attraction."
So much wind."
I often wonder if she's got hidden cameras.
"Oh, no," he says, and his laugh is...not bitter, it's a laugh of disbelief.
If Amelia had survived, then there were lots of part-mer, part-humans out there on Chase's family tree.
Blood dripped onto his shirt.
He set the dishes on the counter, then headed to the bar.
"Hey, John, good to see you again."
It is a lie."
We've never even exchanged contact information.
He's been up all night, and it shows.
They walked without talking, Mari whistling what sounded like a mash-up of Jingle Bells and America, the Beautiful, and Chase trying to keep up with her brisk pace.
He's not looking at me, his eyes are trained on the ceiling.
It's a distraction.
When John frowns, I continue.
"So?" She turned to look over the sound at the sun slung low in the sky.
At the first gush of his warm breath on me, I buck hard.
"Trust me, there's nothing wrong with this deal.
He had to stay strong for her.
He's practically dead on his feet tonight.
"I..." I shake my head, trying to laugh off this, whatever it is.
Doing hurricane prep.
Looks like you're done."
"I'll..." I try to swallow and end up coughing.
"Forgot we don't have lights.
He hopped off the barstool and grabbed all the dishes with the finesse of a longtime waiter, stacking everything on his forearm and parading to the kitchen door.
"That's not what I'm focusing on right now," I mutter.
"Give me what I want, Frankie," John growls.
How'd you get through high school?"
She'd gotten a little sad, mostly because she'd never known her dad.
But yeah, I'm pretty sure we're going to end up naked.
"While I was taking a look at Roman Palms Hotel's files, I got curious about a few things, mostly about their off-months," she began as he took the hint and sat up only to release a small grunt when she climbed between his legs and grabbed the iPad back out of his hands so that she could take over.
"This is Frankie L, and I'm here to take you on a journey.
LPs, CDs, and rare box sets, both vinyl and digital.
I hold up a hand, hating the fact that it wobbles.
Who has time to bake bread anymore?"
Dizzied, she couldn't separate Chase's licks from his nibbles, and she fell over the edge in one frantic shout.
Pterodactyls take up residence in my gut.
"Are you ready to tell me what happened between you two?"
I can't describe the noise I make, part newborn kitten, part whiny toddler.
He should give her one last kiss goodbye and head for the door, but...
He took her mouth in his, taking in the sweetness of her breath and the yielding fullness of her lips.
"I thought you were resting.
Maybe this Patrick was the reason.
After handing the keys to the valet, Devyn, who kept sending her accusing glares, led her inside the incredibly beautiful hotel lobby.
It's romantic.
The men didn't need to cross paths.
She's strong in her convictions, anyone with eyes can see it.
Gulls shrieked warnings in the distance.
He looked so stressed, Andi thought as she lay there, watching Devyn as he worked on the couch that he'd dragged in here to keep an eye on her because apparently, he had trust issues and-
He's clearly educated, and I've seen his patience in action.
I was busy boarding up the windows and closing the storm shutters.
Before I know it, I've closed the door and grabbed him from behind.
"But of course you'd be a butterfly."
She leaned into him, relishing the warmth and safety of his hug.
A cool wave slid over her feet and her tail throbbed.
My parents already thought I was obsessed.
John and I?
It was going to be an easy cleanup with no water damage to contend with.
I'm very, very busy, you know.
Where were all the birds?
"That's not really an answer," Andi said as she carefully slipped her feet back into her shoes.
"I didn't want to delay the project," she mumbled sadly only to open her eyes and glare at the man who'd quickly become like a big brother to her over the past year and seemed to really enjoy tormenting her when he muttered, "Pain in the ass."
The little place felt more like a home than anywhere she'd lived, and she wasn't ready to leave it behind.
"Luke was about seven, I think.
The strong flame flickered in his sight, the remnants of his tears making halo rainbows around the flame.
A flash of a distant transformer going, and then memories burned in his stomach like a whirlpool.
"Let's get the last window on this side done.
"Why do I have a feeling that this is about more than just a job?"
It's the question glaring at me from the top of my screen.
I've never ordered your pimento cheese, but it tastes different than what I've had before."
His are dark, darker than I've ever seen them, the pupils completely blown.
He'd gone years without touching a woman, but the thought of going even one day without touching her...
Wait until my mother hears about you trying to kill me."
I'll take him as a faux pirate since the real ones need baths and a dentist anyway.
Maybe tomorrow if there isn't much damage from the weather."
And then he's racked by a choking sob that takes him to his knees.
It was all you could do when the air ran out.
"Yeah," he grunts into my neck.
Of course, he'd keep it all for himself.
But she didn't say that.
The room fills up rapidly around us, its dark walnut tables wobbling under the weight of glasses, dishes, and errant elbows.
The Hollywood Hearts Series:
You act like you know him."
I don't have complete control over my body at the moment.
"Right now, Roman Palms is renting their ballroom space for the Winter Wonderland and a few other low attendance events at a fraction of the price because it's easier, but it's costing them in the long run," Andi explained as he took the iPad from her and swiped through the file, taking a closer look at the numbers.
Her mouth barely moved as she spoke.
Like he's using me to test waters he's been afraid to swim in for whatever reason.
They look rather cozy, actually.
You would have been collateral damage if I hadn't been able to rescue you.
He remembered how much he loved the ocean before the accident.
He's such a sweetheart, so tender and gentle, and yet so powerful.
But if he does, then he'll see how desperately I want him to do just that.
I snatch up the rest of my things, and then I walk out of  John's bedroom.
When I first landed on America's shores, I'd had high hopes of becoming a music journalist.
"You have to admit, it was a smart move to blame me.
His grip on me is light, but it burns hot.
Besides, it gives me time to think.
He swipes at it, but another soon takes its place.
"If you stay, I do too.
Hoping that this would be quick, Andi opened the door only to find a large man standing in the hallway.
Dyer is unreasonably handsome.
"I'd just found out my little sister has cancer!" The teen screams, startling the room.
"Then you should probably answer quickly," he said, not really looking all that concerned that she was about to create a memory that neither one of them would ever forget.
"I don't know," she said, raising her voice over the sound of the water.
"I didn't know you made a habit of riding out storms."
For a moment, Devyn considered taking a look at the notebook on the couch next to her to find out what she was working on, only to decide against it since that would probably end with him feeling like the biggest asshole alive when that bottom lip started trembling and she sadly mumbled, "My notebook."
?" He asks.
His attention had been on her and no one else.
Mari climbed the stairs, disappearing for a moment on the other side of the dunes.
"You can't dive in Kansas unless you're planning on diving corn plants."
"I don't think he's a guard.
The wind gusted and showered them with a spray of misty rain.
"Yes, since you set me up with nightly play dates."
And then he withdrew.
Good thing her fantasies didn't beam out of the top of her head and project onto the ceiling.
"Yes, you did," Devyn murmured in agreement with a pointed look at the notes that Andi made last night.
And the rent was cheaper, too.
His t-shirt rides up to reveal a flat stomach covered in a light dusting of strawberry blonde hair.
"And your glorious fucking arse."
His eyes open, half-lidded with lust, and I lick my bottom lip, sucking it into my mouth and biting it before I stretch my tongue out to taste him.
It's a lot to swallow.
I know that I could get you an interview," Drew said with a sympathetic smile.
She ought to tell him the whole story, and that Inna was after him toobut she was tired and emotionally drained.
I hear rustling and know he's settling in for a conversation I don't know I want to have with him.
It's become our thing.
"Roman Palms is our highest earner," Devyn said, watching as she scrolled to a financial report.
He hasn't seen me yet, which is a both a blessing and a curse.
He couldn't help but smile back.
"Before we could decide exactly what we were going to do, a large wave washed over the jelly."
Tangy warmth filled her mouth and her taste buds opened up.
It's just that he seems so lost, at the moment.
He leaned forward and buried his face in his hands.
She needed an antacid more than dinner.
"I would have killed your diver man that day toobut you were there.
She'd never forget the perfection of the moment.
I can blame the pirate in the painting for all my troubles."
I don't know why I'm so nervous, except that I have no idea what's going on between us.
"Lexi is the sister of the boy that...?"
Then...not so much.
The sun glints in his snowy, blonde hair.
"Give me a minute," he mumbled, and small sobs wracked his body, sending visible tremors through his shoulders.
It's Saturday again, and I've invited John to go with me to a giant record fair in Cherry Hill, New Jersey.
Or to a place you really love."
We found out about the child, but no record of Amelia."
Naturally, a young mother with her toddler wanders into the area just as those delightful words leave Dyer's mouth.
It wouldn't be the same.
What the hell are you doing under my desk?"
And Christopher loved her enough to sacrifice everything for her."
"I thought you wanted to go to the park.
That's beyond crazy, it's creepy."
I'm supposed to be putting you to sleep with my droning."
The moonlight streaks John's hair with gold.
"For sixty-seven days?"
Or cancel the contract.
He would not win.
Did she know him, or had they just met?
"You won't think so once you know the truth."
I shiver with pleasure and shake my head hard, wrenching his hand away from my needy flesh.
I'm weighing my options - Melrose Diner for its proximity or Broad Street Diner for its superior batter - when the phone rings.
"Wow, you are lucky to have a family record from that far back.
A lovely lunch made by Chase.
"You knew killed my brother and you didn't tell me?"
"It was an observation."
And what was he supposed to do with a crying woman?
And I refuse to believe she can't sing, not with a tone like that.
I just don't know whether I'd end up in the warm embrace of his impossibly long arms, or if my heart would smash into bits on some outcropping of rocks that I can't see but know are probably there.
The faint smell of burning wood reaches my nose, and I inhale deeply.
They'd be stupid to fire him, Andi reminded herself, repeating the words that had gotten her through the last ten hours.
"Yeah," I agree, and trail off myself because John could leave anyone speechless, but especially me.
"So, all the stories I heard about Christopher and Amelia..."
"I already have that," Andi pointed out with a disappointed sigh and a sad shake of her head as she glanced back at Nicholas.
God, just thinking about the burnt, cold, creamy, grainy concoction...
I could automate my entire set.
"It's a beautiful country."
"It's only an hour and a half.
You know, the one where the Ex brings the stuff you've left at their place and vice versa.
He didn't move away, and she leaned in close.
She rose on her elbows and watched him pull his T-shirt over his head.
But he flashes his blinding smile, and the woman grins, blushing as she ushers her kidlet into the restaurant.
Fall into her arms again.
Do your thing, I'll be tuning in."
Then I look up at him.
"I love the warmth of the sun on my skin, and the brush of a cool breeze, and the clarity of music on land."
She had Chase now.
"He likes the classics.
As a boy, he'd relished that meditative quality that grew where the water met the land and the sun blanketed everything in a golden warmth that lingered in the soul forever.
And it's clear he looks up to him.
I've always known, even before he came back to his flat that night and found that I'd learned the truth about him.
It's easy to picture John in front of a classroom.
Once he was gone, Devyn sat down on the couch and watched Andi, still amazed by how quickly her mind worked as she went through the files that he'd brought.
"I don't want to be fair, I want you here."
Gayle pauses when she reaches the door and looks at me like I'm out of my head.
She stretched out her legs and laid her head on the couch pillow and softly whistled some nondescript '80s pop song.
She didn't look like she was trying to kill him, Devyn thought, taking a sip of the large caramel coffee that he was forced to grab from the employee cafeteria when it became painfully obvious that his new assistant didn't know how to make coffee.
It was his dream too.
She pointed to the bar.
"I'll be back," he says, breathless.
Of course, this wasn't Hawaii, but up near the point was some darn good East Coast surfing.
That hadn't been enough to annul thingstoo much riding on the union of the tribes.
"He has been very busy working behind the scenes, arranging transfers, intercepting audits, and doing everything that he could to keep us distracted."
Andi rushed to explain as she threw a panicked look at the large security guard reaching for her and-
I guess I have two things, then.
And I will catch you.
I'm peripherally aware of the heads turning and the looks that trail his trip toward me, but my focus is entirely on him.
It was only months later that he realized Kelly had been lonely.
I hadn't done anything but sit and hold him for a while.
"God, I love bacon," his new assistant murmured with a happy little sigh as she nibbled on what looked like an egg sandwich with an unhealthy amount of bacon while Devyn stood there, wondering why his new assistant was sitting outside at six-thirty in the morning.
Her sister never had issuessing a song, snag a man.
You know the significance of that tattoo."
"The stubborn little pain in the ass has gone into labor," came the words that had her opening her mouth, only to close it with a grumble since she really couldn't argue with that.
Still, he wasn't a lost cause.
"Sorry, been prepping for the storm."
All muscles and strength.
I think Interpol has a file."
"If you've never been, you don't know if Kansas is better."
"After I graduated, I started at the bottom, took every shift I could get my hands on, read every book that I could find that I thought would help, and worked my way up to the top and when I heard about the position at Carta Hotels, I went after it, knowing that if I could pull it off that it would be enough
Dad was a fisherman, and Mom liked to be near the water.
"Of course, it won two Grammys," I tell him.
I don't like the waterespecially the ocean.
He caught his breath, then moved closer to the pier ruins where she stood.
And that may be, but I'm not made for you.
He'd seen himit wasn't his imagination.
You can tell me.
She dove under to swim to him.
I had a client up from the city.
"If you need anything, don't bother calling the front desk.
"Dyer doesn't do domestic," he deadpans before he spins in his rainbow Chuck Taylors and scurries off.
In the pack, with the water, and a cell phone with no signal."
"I've been fascinated by fairs, amusement parks, and Ferris wheels since Luke and I were little.
In fact, it was the only option left.
One afternoon he'll choose, and another I will.
During a storm.
After one last look at The Charlton, Devyn climbed back in the car with a murmured, "The Mason."
That's the third or fourth time I've seen him hauling records out of here."
Then a long nap to forget the weather, the bar, Mari.
That's one thing I'll miss when I movefresh seafood."
"And if my sister wasn't already lost in whatever the hell you just gave her, she'd remember her manners and introduce us.
There are some things I can't share.
Well, that wasn't entirely true because Ben had been more than happy to make sure that she didn't have any reason to come back to the office, call, text, or even send an email.
"Really, Franklin?"
He opened his eyes and reached for a glass to pour some of his favorite Scotch into.
"Super helpful," Andi mumbled as she tossed it aside and grabbed another one.
"What's complicated about it?
"And that film is still your birthright."
A light breeze hit her, pushing away the sticky humidity for a moment, and she gulped the fresh airso clean.
You've built a great little business here and you should be proud.
He's so big and so solid, I can't help but feel safe with him.
The water here is still and silent, green with algae and moss, and brackish in my nostrils.
He scanned the beach, looking for Inna.
John's erection is thicker than mine, though shorter.
Was Christopher the pirate who killed Inna's great-great-something-grandmother?
Inna kicked at the floor planks with his bare foot.
It rubs over my raw nerves and makes my heart ache.
No telling what the tide pushed up near the shore.
Was this what being a grown-up was like?
It had taken being disavowed in a very public, painful way to get Dyer to walk away from the two years he'd invested.
Today is Sunday, and Nicki has invited everyone to a celebratory brunch at Rick's Pub.
The sooner they could find out what condition the island was in, the sooner he could leave.
"I have a reservation for Andi Dawson," Andi said with a satisfied sigh as she reached for her credit card only to end up grumbling when Devyn narrowed his eyes on her until she put it away.
I watch him through the double-paned glass of the booth, and I can hear him through the open door.
"It's a great offer," he added.
Mesa turned to walk away, then stopped and looked back.
The dune grass bent almost horizontally to the ground and clouds of sand rolled down the beach like tumbleweeds.
The rain was picking up and it wouldn't be long until it was constant.
Quivering like a pair of virgin teenagers.
He'd used her weakness against her, something that she would not forget.
He pulls out a Steely Dan.
He wraps his arms around me, one across my collar and one around my chest, and it feels so damned good.
She dropped her clothes on the sand and placed a rock on them to keep them from blowing away then glanced at Inna.
And besides, pirates didn't have coffee with cream and sugar.
Sunset was near, though it was impossible to tell with the blossoming of dark clouds across the sky.
But you all don't care about that, you have a juicy story for your ratings and your newspapers.
And even though the sea held darkness, the land did too.
I debate driving back down to Philly, even though it's not a good idea in my current frame of mind.
Not my John.
Too relieved to be inside the circle of his embrace again to fight it.
"Such a cynic, you are."
Any other day, his eye contact would be filed in the fantasy category called "replay."
"Do you think it will ever go away?
I hum the line to him and search his face for recognition.
After maneuvering around a few tables, he laid her on the corner couch.
I don't only mean the millions of songs in the digital archive, someone in the station's history had hoarded vinyl like it was going out of style.
But he wasn't good at that kind of thing.
God, that felt so fucking good.
His fingers tweak one of my nipples, and I moan into yet another kiss.
Chapter 34
The beach lay in darkness, and Inna could lurk anywhere among the dunes or pier remains.
"Why did it have to be Luke?
"Let the human go."
I reach up and slide a hand into his hair, run my other fingers along the dips and curves of his back.
"Then I guess I should give this to someone else," came the softly murmured words that had her swallowing hard as she looked up and found Devyn standing in her doorway.
I've fallen silent again because I'm trying to be present for him, but he's probably misinterpreting things.
Of course.
And he's back to avoiding eye contact.
Things could have been much worse, for sure.
I feel him take a deep breath, and then he sighs sweetly.
"Most of the restaurant stuff is staying with the bar."
The ocean breeze lifted her sundress and sent it flapping against her thigh and it was all he could do to keep from reaching for her.
"I told you, the family, they can't..."
I stroke my thumb over the fabric of his tee, wishing like hell it were bare skin.
"Thank you for saving me the trouble," Lucas said smoothly as he clicked to the next slide.
"I don't want to work in accounting," she reminded him.
They are in the way of my mission."
I let my head drop to my chest as he works my glutes, my cock twitching already.
You're still here because of him, aren't you?"
"I told you to take care of her and you fucking left her there!" Devyn shouted, slamming him back against the wall.
Giving his gorgeous dick one last lick, I climb up his body.
"Let's move over to the couch where it's more comfortable.
Cradling her face in his hands, Devyn slowly breathed into her mouth.
"Well, you're good at it."
We had our time, but..." He exhales.
It's there in the tremble of his hands as they ghost over my thighs.
I don't pine after straight men, but I sure as fuck don't mind looking.
Andi found herself wondering as she reluctantly turned around, resigning herself to never knowing the joy of making a snow angel and decided that this moment deserved a heartfelt sigh.
Side note, Prince is infinitely better on vinyl.
The last few hours of listening to Chase talk had been a delicious distraction from both the storm and Inna's revelation.
God, she really didn't want to be the one to tell him.
I'll drag his ass out there and show him what power I have, and then I'll let him feel what it's like to die because you can't breathe.
He should be losing his fucking mind trying to figure out how he was going to fix this in time, but right now, all he felt was relief.
He spat on the ground.
Most of the people I know are cynics, or reformed cynics.
He ran his tongue lightly over her soft lips, tasting her again and again.
"2356 multiplied by 23."
No point in hearing the same thing over and over.
"You need to let him explain.
"I need to get the painting of Christopher.
He thinks he can bully me into marriage.
"Do you have a problem with long hours?"
"Welcome to the Emerald Cove.
But yours isn't much better."
This is a tiny lie.
"He's trying to get up."
The positive.
Maybe he'd reach someone who could help in time.
"Michael John Dalton is innocent," the older woman begins.
John is at the podium now.
Local teacher fired after claims he seduced a student.
I don't want to fall this fast, but I don't know how to stop the slide.
They started following her.
He set the glass of water in front of her, then drew up a tall beer for himself.
She'd use whatever she could to get him to stick around long enough to fall in love.
Numbness flowed through him like molasses, and he clenched his biceps.
Worth your forgiveness."
"That porn you were going to tell me about?"
The duvet was high-quality cotton and cool to the touch in the muggy room.
He was on a sunny beach, and the wind was light, hugging.
Reluctantly, hands shaking so badly I can barely get them to do my bidding, I click.
It took time to figure out how to turn my love of music into a career."
"Hey, mister," she said.
Instead, he'd left the clothes and shoes strewn about and his books and magazines piled around the room.
"Don't think about all that stuff right now," she said.
"Is that a bad thing?" he asked as they slowly made their way past the reason why they'd been stuck on the highway for the past two hours as the road crew pulled back the orange cones.
Time to choose the future.
He eyes the crowd of reporters like he wants to tear them apart with his bare hands.
"Five times?" he asked as they headed down a side street towards the long line of apartment complexes that lined the street.
He's a self-talker.
"I'm sorry, Devyn," Andi said, wishing that she'd never brought it up.
they didn't have time for another round of sex, even if he thought it was a good idea, which it wasn't.
"Next week," Chase said.
The number of times I've fantasized about this very moment is incalculable.
Smoke hadn't filled the bedroom, but something was burning somewhere in the bar.
The queen shielded her eyes and looked to the bar, now simmering and smoking.
"Something like that."
He shrugged and set the last glass ornament in the box.
Luke had always preferred the whale, and they'd passed up a turn on the wheel numerous times to wait for the blue cart to come available.
He couldn't be more confusing if he tried.
He snatched his hand away, blood rushing to his face at the thought she'd caught him fondling her while she was asleep.
She looked small against the vast ocean, like a grain of sand on the beach.
"Am I too loud?" John looks so guilty I feel like I should be apologizing.
If only Chase knew who watched out for whom.
"The renovations are moving along.
"I told you, he hates this."
He turned away, sure that his cheeks had flamed at the sight.
I'd give it to him, I'm sure, regardless.
Even when you're not being real, there's still a truth behind everything you do and say."
She pushed her hair over her shoulders and headed to the beach walkway so she could see the pier up close and inspect the damage.
They settle on my hips, and he squeezes hard.
John is handling this much better than I am.
What's wrong with my couch?"
"He's the guy that's made you so happy, your entire body language has changed.
The deck railing creaked as he grasped it.
"It's not exactly appropriate for a restaurant," Andi mumbled sadly, because she would actually love to go to dinner with him.
"They fell in love."
You'll get a formal letter asking you to vacate, but I thought I'd stop in and tell you personally.
I need to steer us toward safer ground.
I set the paper aside and look at the bottle of lube.
Like, when his parents announced they were getting divorced.
"John," I say after I set up the first block of songs for the night.
For most of her life, she'd felt lost, but when she was in Devyn's arms, she felt like she was exactly where she was supposed to be and that scared her.
He grabbed her hand and half dragged her as he took off running.
"Make no mistake, if you run, I will chase you.
It's slow and sweet and almost makes me miss my next cue, but I wouldn't have stopped the kiss if he hadn't pulled away.
"You owe me more of an explanation."
I sit up, feeling like I've been hit by a cement lorry.
As if she didn't already have enough problems.
As long as it's been, I'm still sad when I think about him.
"Let's enjoy this evening together, okay?
I'm nearing six feet, but John Burton's got a good five inches on me, at least.
When she hesitated, he looked up and met her gaze as he said, "Please," and found herself lying down as she noted the pained expression in his beautiful eyes.
He rubbed his arms to silence the tingling she'd caused.
For the most part, the scene is still.
Relieved that this was finally over, Devyn reached for his pen and-
And had given me the sweetest, softest kiss.
"I know it's a tattoo, silly mermaid.
"And no rule says we have to meet up for lunch."
As far-fetched as the story the merfolk told?
"Remember, this is a story.
When I run a slick fingertip around his hole, he loses the battle, surging up and into the back of my throat.
"Did you come out before you moved here or after?"
She keeps every door open, as if inviting partygoers to slip away and indulge in whatever they might fancy.
If he knew her fantasies.
"Yeah, maybe, but the whole arranged marriage thing sounds a little crazy.
Before I realize what I've done, my hands are on his shoulders.
I stare up at John's sad, popcorn ceiling until I drift off into an exhausted, dreamless sleep.
Maybe this wouldn't be so bad, Andi tried telling herself as she glanced back at the door to find Uncle Shawn standing there, shooting her a wink and a reassuring smile that was supposed to make this better.
Old-time pirates scared her.
We can clean tomorrow."
"We have more important things to discuss," Devyn said with a pointed look at the files in his hands as he placed them on the coffee table.
His other arm boasted some type of navy diver tattoo, faded and smudged.
"I'll see you before I leave tomorrow."
He'd be on a boat. On the water.
And I'm a little tongue-tied when he leans down and leaves a soft kiss on my cheek before he sits in the chair across from me.
"I promise I won't let anything happen to you."
He must have figured out where we went."
When the wet heat of John's mouth surrounds me for the first time, I know that I'm going to embarrass myself.
The moon is nearly full, waxing or waning I don't know, but it's bright.
The water, cool for September, pushed and pulled at her until she was over waist deep.
"Nothing changed, except maybe my ability to deny the truth.
There's nothing here for you anymore."
I'll tell you about the painting later."
But she knew what she didn't want.
Chapter 19
"I don't know," he yelled.
So far, the only thing that they knew was that whoever was behind it had access, which meant that every member of the board and several high-ranking executives at the company was a suspect.
"I don't think I've heard it," John admits.
"That's better, now drink this."
Nicki takes a sudden interest in the papers on her desk.
"Music speaks to me," I find myself saying.
She scampered after him, her flip-flops squeaking on the floor as she tried to run through the mirrored maze without tripping or falling or knocking over mirrors.
I'm only half-serious.
I've only turned on two of the lamps in my living room, and the walls merely glow softly around us.
Not really caring how it got there, Andi grabbed her bag and-
"I'm not ready yet," she said.
He couldn't let her get him more upset.
She wanted to memorize his every move, capture every touch and preserve the moments when they came together as one.
He really got into the Artic Monkeys."
At first, he thought it was some kind of sick joke played on him when he was drunk, and he'd tried to scrub it off, thinking it might be ink pen.
She had to make sure that wouldn't happen.
Plenty of stuff in the kitchen.
John looks over my head, and the scent of falafel fills my nose as the waiter reaches around me and sets our lunch orders on the table.
You've mentioned it a few times."
Overbearing, sometimes.
I prefer to remain anonymous online."
Desperately.
Right now, I watch John float back to earth.
What kind of relationship would that be?
This has been a sore spot for us ever since the beginning.
A small, tight eye meant a strong, well-organized storm.
"I wasn't planning on going," Devyn said, knowing better than to waste any time on bullshit, not when he only had four months to clean this mess.
"My shop will be a complete loss.
Right now, family isn't one of the positives."
God, he wasn't ready for it to end yet.
The merpeople were incensed at Amelia's departure and hunted down the ship.
My patience with you is...gone."
"Come on, Chase, it'll be a nice break from being cooped up in here."
I moan, and suck, and lick, and nibble, and give John Burton's cock every bit of pleasure I can dream up.
She peeked to see what he was doing, and he held his hands up and wiggled his fingers.
Since he'd been standing at the railing, clouds had filled most of the sky over the ocean and crept toward the shore.
When she came out of the bathroom, she scanned the empty bar.
And arranged marriages aren't always a bad thing.
Too many to count, and yet not enough to satisfy.
Andi Dawson.
I know this fun house."
When she'd come to shore, she'd left behind everything she'd ever known to make it on her own and sometimes the weight of that choice caused her a pang of indecision.
Twitter: @kerryadrienne
If Chase left, she'd have to marry Inna, or run away and live in a hidden cove somewhere her tribe couldn't find her.
Clearly his body and mind weren't on the same page.
"I know, I'm too awesome to be single forever."
"Let me get you a towel," he said in his forced calm and hopefully nice voice.
"I...it's just so wrong not having you with me," he groans.
That should be enough water.
It wasn't too late.
It probably wouldn't have been so bad if she'd been allowed to focus on one thing at a time, but apparently, that wasn't an option.
"Yes, when he left her, she was carrying his child."
The bar was covered with lit candles and Mari was whistling some unknown song and twirling around.
"Chase will be back soon.
Silence stretches on between us, and I feel vindicated.
He'd offered to put this deal on hold until after she had the twins, but she'd been determined to see this thing through to the end and-
Still don't, but it's thick and silky as the pads of my fingers slide along the waves.
It also didn't hurt that she was always early, worked hard, never bitched or complained when he asked her to do something, didn't bother kissing his ass, and, of course, he hadn't found her curled up in the fetal position underneath her desk yet.
"I'm glad you did," I admit, still shaky.
Focus on the ropes and climbing.
"John, please, oh please, tell me you've had sex in the last eight years."
But she was old enough and independent enough to do this on her own.
If only she knew how to ease his grief about his brotherthen, she might be able to get his attention on other things, like living.
He tried to back up, but he slid, his feet not gaining any traction on the shifting mess.
"Not me, my, uh, niece.
She leaned against him, his body damp with sweat and warm.
Biting back a disappointed sigh, Andi reluctantly stood up and followed him to the door, hoping that he'd change his mind.
Damn the bad memories and damn his chivalry.
I say this to John when he gives me his mood for the night.
She kept her face buried in the couch, her ass high in the air.
That couldn't be good, Andi thought even as she followed the mystery man that commandeered her interview, curious to see where this was going.
He knew that he was taking a chance by spending the last month on the road, but he didn't have a choice.
"You like him."
Now that the storm brought them back to reality, she could sense him tightening again with worry.
"You called me your date."
"He'll see me if I move it.
I've never seen it before.
Sniffing my shirt, maybe?
Like Inna said.
No one would have ever put bets on finding a buyer that fast."
"What do you think?" Andi asked as she waited for Drew, her twin brother, best friend, and the man that she was counting on to tell her that she wasn't making a mistake to say something.
The crash of waves onto the sand echoed against the dunes, and the darkened skeletal remains of the pier jagged from the water.
When the backs of his knees hit it, I release him, and he tumbles down.
"This is no time to be afraid of the ocean.
The mentholated cream soothed his skin as he rubbed, though he was careful not to lather near the cut.
Better grab a candle or two."
He liked falling asleep with her in his arms more than he should.
In a split second, she threw her arms around his neck and craned to kiss him, giving him a peck beneath his chin.
I know she's doing what she thinks is best."
Chase took a bite of his sandwich then set it down.
Are you going to leave me here and run away?"
"Did you step on any glass?"
It occurs to me that it's been over a month since I got laid.
He's smiling, despite the uncertainty in his eyes.
He'd led her on, knowing he couldn't give her what she really needed.
"I'll tell you about that oil portrait hanging over the bar.
"Do I have a choice?"
"Please don't make this more difficult than it already is."
Something is really eating at the man, and I wish I knew him well enough for me to be able to ask.
"Neither of us knew what we were doing."
Every fiber of his heart wanted to reach in and claim those lips.
The woman who'd pledged her life to me.
Tied up, or of his own free will.
"Let's simply say your father made a bet and lost.
They spring out of my head in Medusa spirals that I pretend to control in the morning.
For a moment, he considered trying to make his way back to his room so that he could pass back out on his bed, but the thought of soaking in a hot bath sounded really fucking good at the moment.
What the hell would he think if he found her talking to a naked man?
It hasn't been that long."
When Devyn only glared, Lucas said, "That's why."
They almost reached the beach stairs when he stopped.
"I'm cautiously optimistic," he hedged, taking a sip of apple juice as he pulled his phone back out of his pocket.
I'll stay a few days and visit, as long as my shop is still fine.
He's a jolly sort. A kind of Sicilian Santa Claus.
I'm not in love with him, but I still love him.
And then I'm out like a spent match.
"You're gorgeous, successful, grounded..."
I think it's the one thing I was put on this earth to do."
Then again, none of this made any sense.
"Maybe a few shingleshard to tell."
She ran her gaze from the small bandage covering the cut on his temple that was probably going to leave a small scar down to the dark bruise that ran from his temple to his jaw, absently noting that it was beginning to fade.
John was right when he said the man was handsome, but he doesn't hold a candle to my brawny lad.
At least, for now.
Anthologies:
I feel myself opening already, anticipating him.
Then, they'd bring those skills back to North Carolina and run a bar and, with the proceeds, eventually open a diving school for civilians.
I'm a little peeved at the orphaned butterfly that flutters in my stomach when I see his photo on my screen, shirtless and glistening by the pool.
After what happened with Luke, then the mess with Kelly.
He blamed himself for Luke's death, and the passage of time hadn't lessened his feelings in the least.
"You're a child of the eighties, aren't you?"
He was still incredibly handsome, Andi thought as she debated pointing out that he should be back in bed.
Kill me now.
His expression is so open, so vulnerable, and it brushes up against a tender spot near my heart.
"It's been called that for as long as I remember."
"I'm taking you to dinner, Miss Dawson," Devyn said, smiling as he slowly brushed his lips against hers one last time before he stood up as she sent a panicked gaze at the window and-
Nodding absently, Andi returned her attention to the bear and-
"Do you want me to stop, or do you want more?" I'm pressing in, even as I ask the question.
I'm not ever marrying you.
As long as you know it isn't accurate."
Once she and Chase were married, of course, and his mom was her mother-in-law.
She'd never been through a tornado, if that's what it was, and she never wanted to experience it again.
Flames licked at the pre-dawn sky and heat radiated from the structure.
"So, about dinner..."
I can tell, just listening to him, how much teaching there meant to John.
"As long as the surge doesn't get too much bigger than they predict, we'll be okay.
Nothing he'd like better than to lay her down and make love to her again and again.
It's been weeks."
"Yes," Andi murmured, snuggling in closer until he took the hint and carefully wrapped his arm around her and pulled her closer.
As always.
"I need to get back," John says, abruptly.
"I know plenty about you," he assured her as he swiped to the next email.
She met his tongue with her own, wishing to tell him everything she'd kept secret from him.
You'd think I'd never been touched before.
One of his denim-clad legs is folded beneath him, the other stretched toward me.
A little pain would divert the fear in his gut.
I suck the tip of his index finger into my mouth and run my tongue over it.
"Is that a hint of jealousy I see?"
Might be the last hot meal you get for a while."
"Sorry you're stuck spending the night with me."
I know she'd take me up on any offer I made her, and she knows I know.
It's the first genuine laugh I've had all week.
But with John, I want the circle of his strong arms around me.
They'd be lucky to have power by morning if the storm held true to predictions.
He and the unpowered wheel were both broken by storms.
But there isn't much of a demand for them anymore."
I always have these harebrained schemes that seem like great ideas...at the time."
Anything you fucking want!
I know he'll leave marks on my skin.
"Only when I talk to you," she said, blinking up at him before following that up with, "What did you do for Christmas?"
"He's here," Dyer's voice trails off.
Grinning, I queue up Coldplay's Always in My Head.
"But you came for another reason."
But I'm sure..."
He'd managed to negotiate a contract that benefitted them both.
"Tell my mother I'll be home soon.
He needed to stay focused, he kept reminding himself as he lay there, staring up at the ceiling as he thought about everything that was at stake, the list of hotels that they still needed to take a closer look at, and going over everything he had to do today, anything to stop thinking about the woman in the other room.
A fucking hurricane was outside his window and he was thinking about getting laid?
His back is to me, shoulders scrunched up to his ears.
And I mean he really listens as the singer promises not to let him drown in whatever is troubling him.
My cock bobs eagerly between us, and John's perks up to say hello.
Her head swam and she struggled to keep herself under control.
And it isn't something I've ever shared with anyone else.
I get out and jog around the car to grab his hands.
"We...don't really talk."
A few drops of water from the structure over them rained down at the motion and she ducked her head, laughing.
"Before the transfer finished coming through, they attempted to authorize a transfer, but the authorization for the transfer came into question and our accounting department flagged it."
Her face didn't hide the pain in her heart, the pain he hadn't noticed before.
Wouldn't that make leaving much easier for him?
The puppies were adorable," Andi said with a solemn nod, making him chuckle as she handed the chocolate bar over to him so that she could grab the notebook that he wasn't allowed to touch after he'd made the mistake of marking a page by folding a corner so that he could come back to it later.
She leaned over the railing and pretended to look at the dune.
He's a good teacher.
"This must have cost a fortune," I tell him, pouring another glass.
His name is Inna."
His ears are turning red, and his hands flutter a bit when he reaches for the pita bread.
She moaned, then tipped her head back to give him access, her tongue tangling with his larger one.
"Practice like this?"
This time, I can't stop the shiver that races down my spine.
I follow him back to the booth, where I'd been in the middle of setting up my next block of songs.
As in, people actually have some.
"I wish we could've evacuated."
"When she finally shows up, tell her that Devyn MacGregor, CEO of Carta Hotels, is here to do an inspection," Devyn said evenly.
Maybe you can reach me."
This is my kingdom, my domain.
He'd showered and his damp hair stood in spikes.
"And I'm sure that there was a good reason why you didn't contact my office," Devyn said, moving to return his attention to the woman that hadn't been happy when she'd discovered that he'd planned on doing this audit in person.
I feel his body jolt beneath mine, muscles going rigid.
By diver man's family."
He nibbled at her earlobe, his hot breath sending shivers down her torso and into her legs.
"Sorry, I wasn't thinking.
She'd worked hard making the Mermaid's Purse a success, and it wasn't fair that her work was threatened both by a hurricane and by Chase's demonsat the same time.
He stumbled across the room and put his palms against the wooden door.
It was honestly the perfect job for her.
I hadn't even known he'd been paying attention, since he'd been distracted then too.
He rubbed his arm, trying to stop the itching that suddenly overtook his skin.
He had to be at work in a few hours.
He didn't know how long they sat on the couch holding each other, but it felt like forever.
Hopefully, the repair wouldn't delay closing on the bar's sale.
His eyes lock on the place where our bodies join, his expression positively feral.
Though the hostage thing might work.
His expression is sober.
She owes me and she knows it.
"The only room I can stand to be in, really, is my bedroom."
He's been eye-fucking me since the moment he walked in the door, and I'm finding it harder and harder to resist him with every pull from my glass.
"I want to take you somewhere you've been dying to go.
You're foolish to try."
Tears flowed down Mari's cheeks, mixed with the rainfall and the seawater.
His heart sped as he realized the potential that hung heavily in the moment.
She turned the page and found herself frowning as she went through the rest of the list and decided that perhaps she should just get started when she realized that there was a third page.
Towering clouds formed a barricade of weather that was bound to bring a lot of wind and rain to the little island.
The first time that he'd heard her humming, he'd squeezed his eyes shut and waited for the pain to explode in his head, only to have the soft, hypnotic sound slowly lull him to sleep.
Inna might have her already.
I squirt a generous amount over my fingers and slick his cock, encouraging him to pump into my hand.
And now he was planning to leave her behind and farm some dry land somewhere a million miles away.
Come Undone: Romance Stories Inspired by the Music of Duran Duran
Sharing with a mate from uni, who has since moved.
We made it through the storm with minimal damage.
"Better figure it out soon."
"So much so, that I want you to do the same thing for the rest of Carta Hotels."
Surprising she could read and write, given the times."
Check flashlight batteries?
"Go change those wet clothes before you catch a cold."
That all happened when she was diagnosed with myeloma, bone marrow cancer.
For the first time since the storm, he was glad the electricity was out.
She pressed her body against his, and heat tingled in his abdomen.
My mood has improved dramatically since he told me he was coming, and I'm smiling already.
That's what hurts – so much.
She'd sit on the bar's deck, pretending to read and watching the patrons.
"She's mad at you."
His fingers are a little calloused, though less than I would have thought for a man that worked with his hands.
"Burton," he corrects me, but his eyes are liquid.
It was none of her business why and where he went.
He'd fight it, fight for her.
People would still buy.
"We've become family to each other.
"You didn't answer your cell.
"Medical bills."
He shouldn't have given in to his desires, and he was mad at himself.
A total loss for sure.
He could finally breathe.
The smoke billowed and curved like a dark, beastly creature and Chase blinked back tears as it stung his eyes.
The kid is so grateful to John, it's heartwarming.
"I'm not saying what he did was right, it's ten different flavors of wrong, but..."
I thought we had a chance to make this work.
It's also the reason why we're here.
The lot is crowded, but we get lucky with a spot close to the entrance.
What's the bad news?"
This open.
But anyway, Amelia's country sent a team to murder her and her human lover."
I laugh and shake my head.
"Yes," he bit out, watching as her lips twitched.
You should have been paying attention to the news."
His fingers were sore and stiff from the wood's rough assault.
Not to accept that he can see me so clearly.
If he got stranded on the island during the storm...
She began to sob gently, covering her face with her hands.
"How the hell did we miss that?"
This is why I'm not cut out for relationships.
"You're gorgeous," John breathes, leaning forward.
He is so fucking beautiful, my heart hurts.
My ass, my thighs, the muscles of my back melt under John's ministrations.
"Yes, daughter.
My style could be called dormitory chic, my flat furnished with a collection of mismatched pieces acquired over the life of my residency.
"They're mostly in awe of you," he says, his voice taking on that honeyed timber he'd had when he asked me out on this date.
I stretch out beside him, draw his leg up and drape it over mine.
He took a deep breath, focusing on the inhale, and then the exhale.
"Look at the domain.
"Let me talk."
"I see," Devyn murmured, applying the last bandage.
What I'm about to do is invasive, I know, but...
He wasn't muscular in the same way as Chase, but thick and solid.
My breath leaves me.
I'm shaking, held up by John, who doesn't seem to have full control over his body either.
The sea beckoned her.
This stops me mid-chew.
She drew her knees up and circled them with her arms, squeezing as tight as she could.
"It's going to be very cold out there, Miss Dawson," Devyn said, watching as his favorite place on earth was slowly revealed.
She would certainly bear Chase's kids.
The shop was the first thing she could truly call her own, and now it was at risk.
It's been a rough twenty-four hours.
It's suddenly the most important thing in the world.
"I'm going to run and see if I can get the fire department.
It wasn't going to stop him from making sure that the little bastard paid for what he did to Andi.
At least she had everything that she needed, Andi thought as she reached down and grabbed her iPad and the notebook that she'd been working on along with a carefully select assortment of pens that she'd helped herself to from the supply closet at work, only to realize that she'd left her phone at home.
In the peace and calm of the eye of life's ever-growing hurricane, they'd found a moment.
Want to know how those wine-stained lips of yours might taste.
Maybe some Joy Division, a little Sigur Ros, a bit of Bilal, definitely James Blake.
No more...anything.
I have to make sure the bar's safe first."
We can duck out for a little while, yeah?"
Oh, that couldn't be good, she thought when she saw the puddle forming on the floor around her.
Hurricane Giselle was nothing to fool around with.
"We'll have a big party before I close for good.
I can totally picture John Burton as a teacher, he has the personality for it.
The smile he gives me leaves me uncharacteristically breathless.
I have better things to do than to waste my time worrying about what other people think."
But he's looking at me like it's the first time.
I let you rescue him.
"Did I mention that I really need to use the bathroom?" she asked, sending the bathroom a hopeful look.
And your mother is holding up his end of the bargain, as she should.
She stepped up into the cart, tipping it forward and setting it swaying and creaking.
He wanted to hold her close and listen to her laughter and share in her happiness.
After a last look around, she flipped off the shop's main lights.
Mine is practically immobilized inside his grasp.
Chase had told her they would get through the storm togetherthat was the sweet and protective man she loved.
I plaster on a smile and move away from them as he hands me a pint glass filled with a golden liquid.
"No," he says, grabbing my hand.
That really would have been too much to take.
"Nothing is stopping you from moving the carpentry to part-time, maybe on the weekends or something."
She stood between him and the ocean like a lifeguard station or lighthouse.
He tasted the zinc that his mother had insisted he put on his nose and that always melted and dribbled down into his mouth.
He wasn't sure what hurt more, his head or his ribs, but at that moment, he wished the asshole that attacked him had finished the fucking job and put him out of his misery.
Talking about my childhood illicits foreign sensations.
"Well, surely he had it painted before he died."
She should slip under and swim away.
His stomach knotted at the doubt that swirled around him.
Would he ever get control of the rage inside him?
To his credit, he slaps a hand over his mouth.
He was so sure."
I've paired it with a soft pair of black corduroys that he hasn't seen yet, but I thank him for the compliment.
I spit this out like some jilted lover.
He didn't move, his gaze fixed on the bar ceiling.
There are several articles about the football team, one about the debate team.
Best not to think about that at all.
Why would he risk that for either of them?
His face brightens.
Want to get to know you.
I'm telling you what I need.
"You should check the supply closet."
The urge to possess her thrummed through him to the point he could barely think.
He'd never understood why Devyn didn't play the same game, probably never would, and now that he knew about Andi...
"You don't know that," came the sadly mumbled reply that had his lips twitching.
Did her mother know about the revenge plot?
By the time enough merfolk had gathered to save her, the pirate ship was gone, harbored somewhere, no doubt.
"Yeah?" I'm logging my playlist, trying to keep my focus off our proximity to one another.
I should've told you about Inna, but I didn't expect to see him here on the islandnot after the storm, and certainly not while I was with you.
Were better left forgotten.
Mari's tail twitched in excitement.
If we don't hurry, we're going to get caught in the dark."
I have to jog to catch up.
She was crawling on top of him and laying her head on his chest with a soft sigh as he wrapped his arms around her and couldn't help but feel like she was exactly where she belonged.
"I thought we were more," he said.
John leans back in his chair and takes a swig of his beer.
I feel the stinging pressure of his teeth on the hardening nub before he sits back, running his hands along my chest and abdomen.
She stared at the flickering candles.
Like he's been comfortable in the pool but is ready to step into the ocean.
Your mother sent me.
I hope that you enjoyed reading Devyn and Andi's story as much as I enjoyed writing it.
"This way I get some time between school and the work I do for you guys at the station."
"I left the candle on the vanity, and there's a lighter beside it."
"I was thinking," he says, rolling to his back after we catch our breath.
Air whooshes out of my lungs and the fuzzy feeling in my head, which I hadn't even noticed, fades.
"No, I'm not because I'm not going," Andi said with a firm nod as Uncle Shawn placed her back on her chair as she did her best to ignore the curious stares being sent her way by the kids that never seemed to appreciate her efforts to teach them the fundamentals of advanced algebra.
She was by the ocean, making her own way, despite her mother.
In the new sunlight, he saw her body jerk and twitch.
I claim the right."
Let's start tonight."
"Well, I don't think your brother would approve of you picking up and leaving the bar and everything you built here together.
"Probably."
It was water, nothing more.
"I would probably quake in fear for the rest of my life at the mere mention of your name," Devyn said dryly as he watched her return to glaring at him as she hastily toed off her slippers and kicked them aside, determined to make sure that he was properly terrified.
Then they were separatedpossibly foreverto save her life.
You never would."
The wind whipped by, catching the hem of his T-shirt in a flutter, exposing his firm abdomen for a too-brief moment.
"Tell me you didn't, please!"
"Only bloody thing they ever gave me," I murmur.
"Amelia never remarried but lived on the bounty Christopher had stored and hidden on the island.
He'd been there that day when she had come upon the divers.
The wind and rain had been scarier than she'd ever experienced.
"No!" came the hysterical reply that had him sighing heavily as he reached down and grabbed hold of the comforter and slowly pulled it off the woman that refused to leave the hotel.
It also got me my gig as a disc jockey.
A real kiss.
How could her mother ever expect her to marry someone like Inna?
"When I finish up here.
At some spots, the island was so narrow you could throw a stone from the sound side to the waves.
I can escape with little effort."
"You have a lot of eighties music here," John observes.
When I'm with someone, I want to share the good and the bad.
It's a déjà vu moment if I've ever had one.
I'm so open to him, so eager to receive him.
And he wasn't going to get away with stalking anyone either.
"Get out of here, Mari," Chase yelled.
Make sure that she takes her meds, takes it easy, and changes her bandage."
Wood cracked and splinteredthough he couldn't see it, he knew the bar roof was close to stripping away, shingles probably flying everywhere.
I was grateful in the beginning that he'd gone out of his way not to be a distraction during my shifts, but I'm now I'm feeling a bit left out.
They had nothing to gain.
"You don't owe me an explanation, John."
When he pulled back, he rolled his hips slower, taking her with slow strokes so that he could savor every slide back inside her.
You're not usually on Saturdays."
The words come out on a shuddering breath because John lowers his head to my skin, lips brushing over the ink.
"I know the area you are talking about.
Though we could imagine there's a Ferris wheel in Paris, we could call it the Eiffel Tower."
John rolls me to my stomach with an ease that surprises me.
If things were different, he would have asked her on a date or three.
Still, only two broken windows in the whole place seemed like a miracle, given the strength of the storm.
Chapter 10
It's not safe near shore right now, but I know the area well," Mesa said.
The lights flickered.
She'd changed into another pink T-shirt, this one a richer shade.
The sound of it warms me up from the inside out.
The fun house door slammed, echoing throughout the building, and her heart strained, thumping.
Like she enjoyed the pending potential devastation.
"I should explain," he begins.
A storm was headed toward the island, and he needed to protect his property then get the hell out.
He set two pillar candles on his dresser.
He's up and out of his chair before I can answer, rubbing my back in slow, firm circles.
Scent was one thing she loved about being on land.
And if you say everything but country, I'll smack you."
I still don't think it's super strong, though."
It's normal to vent.
"Are you staying upstairs with him?"
Dyer stares over my shoulder, his eyes like saucers.
Every bit of me, and he'd kept this from me for months.
The realization of what we're doing suddenly hits me again.
When I tell him this, he sighs loudly.
He meets my gaze, his a little sad.
"How do you know so many details?" She leaned closer.
"If you don't want this, want me..." John hesitates.
"The ocean is my home.
I'm already flipping through the vinyl on the shelves.
Especially when we came to the beach.
Who knew he could be so silly?
"I'm going to need your computer," Andi said with a firm nod as she gestured for him to get on with it.
The tiny room they entered held a large twin slide that exited through an opaque purple and yellow tunnel.
What to say?
"It's sad that you don't think so," Andi said as she climbed into the large sled with a satisfied sigh.
"There's only one problem with that story, I don't have the authorization to do any of that," Lucas said, folding his arms over his chest as he leveled a smug look as he added, "You do."
I turn to him and lean on the railing.
She couldn't tell anyone about her tiny pink starfish tattoothe one that proved her bloodlinebut fortunately, the little mark wasn't visible when she wore clothing, so she wasn't constantly fending off questions about it.
The rain fell harder, and she wrapped her arms around her chest.
Jaw clenching, his gaze locked with hers as he continued sliding his fingers inside her.
I want to yell in response.
"You never know," I tell her as I walk by.
Rain sheeted sideways on her, though she stood under the pier, and she wiped her face with her wet hands.
"He hasn't been out of the closet long," I say, hoping it's enough of the truth to make the rest of what I have to say make sense.
By the time she read the first paragraph, she realized that something was off.
He looks so goddamned amazing between my thighs.
Unless he's a ghost."
She pulled her fingers lightly along the side of his arm for a moment then moved back to pressing and squeezing.
You just... I mean, I didn't expect you to say that."
"Anyway, the portrait has been handed down through the family.
"Walking you home.
"I'm sure you were, but it sounds rather one-sided."
How I couldn't save him.
One night, he was forgetful, another he was ambitious.
If I don't see ya before the storm, stay safe."
She writes romance (paranormal, m/m, historical, time travel, and more), science fiction, and fantasy.
When the prerecorded message began to play, he entered the extension listed and waited as he was directed to a mailbox that he hadn't set up and listened to the unfamiliar voice apologize that he wasn't available at the moment.
"Recommend that Carta Hotels cuts its losses," he said, squeezing bodywash into his hands before returning the bottle to the shelf.
"Yes, it's what I want but"
We need to keep it factual."
"They're the highlights of my week."
He slipped out of her grasp and stretched his arms up high, savoring the burn in his shoulders and along his triceps.
"You amaze me, Mari," he whispered, turning to her.
He plucks an errant noodle out of one of the cardboard boxes and slurps it down.
For as long as Devyn could remember, he'd worked his ass off, forcing himself to ignore just how fucking exhausted he was, telling himself that he just had to read one more book, work one more shift, take one more class, put in one more hour, terrified that if he allowed himself to relax that he'd lose everything that he'd worked for.
And I knew it at the time, but it didn't stop me from feeling neglected."
"I've queued up an eight-minute New Order track after this song, so you've got about twelve minutes to get settled in.
Wherever the fire started, it's spreading."
Are you seeing someone?
"Last week, I spoke with a real estate agent.
John's eyes scan the living room, which is unusually tidy.
"I ordered an audit under the guise of preparing for the upcoming review of my contract.
Chase puffed, slowing to run alongside her.
Everything's gotten complicated.
The lighting is dark, and I can only see his head and the top of his shoulders.
And now it was more important than ever to get him to stay on the island.
"But you're still there.
She ran her tongue down the light trail of hair below his navel and he pushed up toward her, setting the cart creaking.
"No, no, it does not," she mumbled sadly, hating that he had to do this.
I do, winding us through the crowd and down the hall.
Knowing better than to take his eyes off her again, Devyn made his way across the large ballroom and joined her just as she grabbed a red and green striped potato sack and stepped in line with a satisfied sigh.
There's too much sand."
"I could do that..." Devyn murmured in agreement as he stepped back between her legs, thankful that the bed was high enough so that he could fully appreciate the sight before him, "or I could find another way to stay warm."
I smile because how could he not know that?
If he hadn't ever met Kelly.
John smiles, seeing my question for what it is.
It's in mint condition, and I almost don't want to pull the record out of its sleeve.
Her tail beat a rhythm inside her, slapping nervously at what she might learn.
Unfortunately, Chase didn't have a tail, and that would prove a no-go with her mother.
Maybe put in a mechanical bull."
He turned away and stomped up the stairs to check the shutters.
"Your mouth," he grinds out, hips moving as he pumps shallowly into my grip.
She deserved way better than an empty shell of a man.
Descended from mermaids?
We're both adults and we should be able to do what we want."
I know, if I do, I'll lose this rage.
I watch his magic pull them under from way over here.
Especially strangers.
And a piece of mer-jewelry?
"I really don't know how to explain it," Andi said, worrying her bottom lip as she thought it over.
This deal should have been more than enough to hold his attention, but he couldn't stop thinking about her.
"I can barely hear it from here."
He wouldn't suspect anythingthere was no reason for him to.
"Know I'm not the right guy for their friend," I finish for him.
I can't believe you'll stay!
His phone pings.
Artist's Touch
Absolutely perfect, Andi thought, wishing that she didn't miss Devyn so much.
He'd promised her they would get through the storm together, and he'd make sure they did, no matter what.
That doesn't sound like love."
"We'll find something to do.
I gingerly lift the needle from the record and place it in another spot.
A girlfriend, maybe?
I don't bloody well know, I've never made it before.
Don't let it get to you."
My world has plenty of texture and sound.
She eyes me from across her desk, a welcome antidote to her surroundings.
"Because family should be there for you.
She never would have had the time to do anything more than to make sure that he wasn't dying before she had to go back to work.
She had no idea how to comfort him.
No sunny rays streaming across the wood and into her glass-doored little store.
She shoved him with as much strength as she could muster.
It'll make things easier for everyone."
"And we make out like first-year uni students."
He gazed toward the far side of the park.
She'd made it clear she wanted to live at the beach.
It's freezing outside.
He turned on the stereo system and soft beach music floated over the bar.
Christopher wrote about it later in his diary.
And you laugh about it.
"Don't Wanna Fight by Alabama Shakes."
Being around him made me happy, or close to it.
As much as I want you?
Inna smiled, the corners of his lips hard.
"I'm fine," Andi managed to get out between clenched teeth as she grabbed hold of the table with her free hand, waiting for the pain to subside.
I'm sure it'll be fine."
John's substitute teaching in Newtown today, but I still feel like there are ears everywhere.
"See if there's an update to the forecast.
"You sound...heartbroken."
Inna wove through the rides, following and watching, like a lone wolf on the prowl for its victimstaying far enough away but keeping an eye on them.
"But would he physically hurt you?"
She walked fast for someone shorter than him, and occasionally, she'd start skipping and he'd have to half run to keep up.
I saved your ass and you are my "Plus One" from now on.
And your diver man's responsible."
I swipe at my face and double check the amount of time left in the block of songs I've programmed.
With a put-out sigh, the woman shifted her attention to the computer and looked up their reservations while Andi stood there, taking it all in and couldn't help but wonder if there was anything that they could do to fix this place.
Instead, I've been forcing mine down their throats, and that needs to stop.
"Which, of course, is why they're rewarding you," he said dryly.
Memories of Luke, memories of diving, memories of warm summers in the sand.
"Is that what's kept you from...exploring this side of yourself until now?"
"Double and I'll give you a very generous benefits package."
John's done a fantastic job with it.
She needed to work every shift that she could get her hands on, which meant that he had to make sure that she had no reason to worry about him.
Maybe we can hide insideif we can get there before he sees us.
He smiled at her and his expression was anything but murderous.
"Help me find some new music.
Garrett doesn't get the hint at first, still working his way into my underwear.
Have you never played an instrument?"
Do you talk about God?
Lots of, uhnnnn, natural light."
Never karaoke.
And, by the way, the wheel is in Paris, now.
If only I had control over my own goddamned body.
"I'm still smarting from my last turn on that merry-go-round."
"Because I don't think that I'm going to be able to afford the therapy bills," came the sadly mumbled words that had his lips twitching.
He'd never felt this way about anyone, never wanted anyone this badly, had been fighting it for so long thinking that it would go away, but it wasn't going away and he...
She was only about halfway to the top and her arms threatened to turn to jelly and let her fall.
"Everyone at the table knew except for me, his boyfriend.
"If vinyl is so superior, how did digital replace it so completely?"
I don't miss the tremor in his fingers.
Now that she had, the big jerk that she was counting on to help her was being unsupportive, which really wasn't going to work for her since she was counting on him to tell her that she wasn't making a mistake by taking this job.
I want to hug and kiss Ms. Taylor and her poor grandchildren.
Groaning, he reached up and cupped her face in his hands as he pressed one last kiss against her throat before his lips finally found hers.
"No," he said, sighing out the tension.
Her pink starfish was gone.
When she pulled her shirt off the rest of the way, he took her large breasts in his hands and gently squeezed them, tearing a moan from the incredible woman that he wanted more than his next breath.
"I had...family stuff that took me out-of-town."
His banging and muttering gets lost along with the whirr of the HVAC system, the creaking pipes, and the passing cars outside.
Draw up fresh water?
The Chase that stared back from the mirror looked like he'd been in a prizefight.
It'll make for an interesting set.
He scooped ice from the ice tray into her glass and set it on the bar.
"The first rain bands are expected to begin affecting the Outer Banks within the next three hours.
If it floods, then I'll deal with any damage."
Do you have a place you like?
Andi just couldn't leave him, not when she knew just how lost he would be without her.
"Nothing," I say, stretching up to kiss him.
His face is too broad to be pretty, and his cheeks too round to be chiseled, but it's damned hard not to stare.
The deck had withstood the brunt of the storm with no obvious problems, though dune grass draped over the railing in places and branches scattered over the decking.
Excited to see what tales awaited her, Andi flipped the book open and...frowned when she saw the cartoon picture depicting the Boston Tea Party.
"I'm not your responsibility, yet."
He stared out the window for a few seconds and she watched his face for any sign of emotion, but he was rigid. Unreadable.
It's wrong of me, but I listen.
"They do their thing, and I do mine."
"You know that you cost me a little over two million dollars' worth of reservations for next year, right?"
And then he's gone.
Caring again would only mean more heartache down the road.
I've never heard it before, and it stops the denial I have on the tip of my tongue from voicing itself.
Probably it was a good thing she couldn't talk to the birds.
Garrett is a good-looking guy under any circumstance.
"I've been curious about something as well," Devyn admitted as he merged into the right lane.
"I need to let him explain," I finish for him.
Let the past go.
"Don't open the door for anyone.
Unclipping her hair, he let the wind toss the golden locks in the air.
He took a couple more steps down toward the sand.
Mr. Navy Diver.
"Because you don't smile enough," Andi said with a teasing smile as she plucked the file off his lap and settled in for a long night.
He'd never needed anyone before, but Christ, did he need her.
"Want some Scotch?"
"Fair enough," Andi murmured as she watched his thumbs move over her skin.
I had the wife, the house.
Leaning with him against the railing, I realize our heads are almost touching.
The storm, the bar, the oceaneverything reminds me of what I've lost."
"I'm not," I protest.
Did he believe in mermaids?
"I know," Andi mumbled sadly into his pillow as he reached for the antiseptic ointment the doctor at the emergency room gave him and carefully applied it to her back, noting the bruises from the metal bar that sliced through her suit and twisted around the zipper and from his attempts to free her.
"I'm sorry," he says, jumping into a pair of jeans.
Inna jogged toward them and her throat tightened again.
The privateer stared back without a blink.
It's bliss.
Chapter 26
"Well, I like all different types."
John grabs a round of pita bread and starts to fill it with steaming balls of falafel, adding hummus, shaved onion, and pepper sauce.
Somehow his access was reinstated, but they didn't realize that we change authorization codes quarterly," Abigail said as she joined him.
"Can't you check on your place in the morning?"
I don't want the mood to suggest sex of any kind, though I don't think Garrett needs any more suggestions.
Inna might kill Chase right in front of her like he'd threatened.
The thing is, though I want more, I'm happy with us as-is.
Luckily for us, I've already set up the pre-programmed files for the early morning shift.
Lots of them, mostly centered around her work hours.
Dyer raises one skeptical, blond eyebrow.
He meets my eyes, one corner of his mouth lifting into a wicked grin.
"I'm afraid that we're going to have to reschedule this meeting," Devyn murmured absently, pushing his chair back as he pulled his phone out of his pocket and-
"Besides, the story gets more interesting.
After he told Chase the truth.
He sighed and continued, eyes still closed.
He was so close she could almost feel him against her.
She wondered if she'd missed anything he said.
Or, not alone.
The man at the amusement park said he and Mari were engaged.
"A story for later
Sex had always been easy, something that he needed when his hand was no longer enough.
She shivered and crossed her arms over her chest as chills raced over her in the warm room.
Can't let this fear take over.
"But not now that I know you love him.
This never would have happened if I hadn't insisted we go to the amusement park today.
She was already lost in whatever she was doing and if he did manage to get her attention, she'd blindly reach over and grab the legal pad that she kept just for him and toss it at him before going back to whatever she was doing.
Chase pushed through the door, balancing two paper plates.
She'd find Inna and tell him the whole story tomorrow.
As a result, my set is subdued, and I program a lot of the tracks, rather than pull vinyl.
She was too fucking adorable for her own good, Devyn thought as he watched the woman that had abandoned him as soon as she saw the dog give the large Golden Retriever one last kiss before she reluctantly headed back to the car, pouting every fucking step of the way.
He'd saved her.
"Yeah, when we're done.
Really hoping that she was wrong, Andi looked down and-
Feeling the wet heat of his body in her personal space, she took a step back, thankful it was beginning to get darkChase
I need to get my mouth back on him.
I have to remind myself that the gorgeous, strapping contractor currently ruminating on my coiffure is straight.
This storm wouldn't take Chase away from her.
She struggled to get loose from the bedcovers, and he tugged them off her feet.
"Whoever you are," I promise.
But I'll wait for you.
He lets out a soft, shaky laugh.
"She, uh, she's very ill..."
"It could be worse," Devyn said as they made their way to the first room and after several failed attempts to get the keycard to work, they stepped into the room and she quickly realized why everything smelled like aftershave.
"Doing what?" She asks, her tone indignant.
"Manage to scare off another assistant?"
"I don't remember the name off the top of my head, but James could probably tell you," Abigail said as Devyn stood there watching as Andi smiled shyly up at the asshole as he helped her with her wetsuit and-
Unless the storm turned into a monster, most of the risk would be wind damage.
It seems safer, somehow.
I don't know why, except that maybe I want whoever it is to keep talking.
All it took was a bit of courage, right?
"No, it wasn't him.
As he struggled to hold himself up on his arms he looked down at her lying underneath him, her face alight with amusement.
No reason to be nervous.
It's cozy and inviting, with a king-sized sleigh bed against one wall, a leather armchair in the corner by a balcony door, an armoire so large it nearly touches the eight-foot ceiling, and a mirrored dresser.
All we need is flooding on top of wind damage."
"They give it away every time," she admitted with a solemn nod only to moan when he leaned back in and kissed her.
Did he have feelings for her or was he trying to protect her?
His small apartment suite, behind the bar, lay right next to his brother's old room.
Other times it's like he's easing his way into something new.
Not when she thought things were finally getting better.
"Especially in this part, but I just meant..."
"I almost didn't take this job," he says, his voice rough with arousal.
She watched the tattoo.
But we don't need to talk about it if it makes you uncomfortable."
She hissed the last word.
His face is red with his fury, his fists clenched at his side.
His scruffy face was exactly like he looked in her pirate fantasywell, except he wasn't wearing a billowing poet's blouse.
The past few days had been tiring for them both, and she was bound to be exhausted.
No matter what," he says, grabbing my hand and squeezing it.
The horses nickered and trotted in place, surely as eager to get out of the hot sun as she was.
"I went to stay with Lexi, while her grandmother recovered."
I can't believe she would insist you go through with it.
The sharp sting of disappointment at finding someone else there the following night, other than John, swept through me, stinging as fresh as a new wound.
Had she spoken aloud, or was her mind screaming?
He'd blame her for Luke's death.
John barks out a relieved laugh, even as his cock twitches against my shin.
"We can't..."
Shingles fluttering in the ocean breeze from houses with tattered roofs were the only signs of movement besides the gulls that circled and dove on the wreckage, looking for breakfast in the beachy wasteland.
"Protect me from the storm, or from some made-up relationship with Chase?"
"I have a company to run, Frankie."
"Yeah, it's been a while."
I glance back at him and freeze, mid-movement.
Revenge is my inheritance."
Over the past month, they'd visited every single one of Carta Hotels' holdings that was struggling to show a profit, starting with their five-star hotels and ending with their economy hotels, sometimes several of them a day, leaving her too exhausted to do anything more than pass out at the end of the day only to grumble when it was time to move on to the next hotel.
Thick, ropey veins traverse the forearm thrown across his hard, flat stomach.
I'll call as soon as I can.
He scratched at the tentacle tattoo.
"Who knows if he's on drugs or something?
With his thumb, he wiped away a rogue teardrop wending down her cheek.
John's in the other room running electrical wire, or something.
"Yes, Chase, I had enough to eat.
And if Chase was going to come into her shop, she'd take full advantage of itabsorb every detail of his sexy self to round out her fantasies.
I scan the menu.
"Well, we can pretend that you made the coffee, how's that?"
"True, but this is," Andi said as another form appeared on the screen, one granting him access to the account along with the opening date of the account four months before Devyn had been hired.
He pulled away and leaned back, staring at the ceiling again, his hands behind his head.
You did nothing wrong.
Well, it wasn't, but what could she say?
You will, won't you, baby?
The English would have been hunting him too.
Closing his eyes, he dumped the Scotch into his mouth, rolled it around, then savored the licorice burn as it went down his throat and into his stomach.
Would he get angry that she'd misled him?
We've got to enjoy what we have in the here and now.
You see, there are times when I feel like I'm an experiment for him.
I want to get settled at the table and have a good, stiff drink in my hand before John arrives.
She hadn't been around much during the construction and decorating, and she'd never asked him about it.
"What the hell are you doing?" the man that hadn't had a chance to say more than two words to her since he'd handed his keys over to the valet asked as soon as he opened the door to the insanely expensive suite that Roman Palms Hotel had given him for the night.
"I'm surprised you didn't try selling the house to fund your nefarious activities," Devyn said, immediately feeling an insane amount of sympathy for her uncle when she winced.
She moved with him, her soft legs wrapping around his back and pulling him in deeper, her hands on his chest.
Or they could both sleep in his bed.
Most of my close family is gone.
She fastened the first corner.
Mari Quinn was a captivating woman, despite her quirky obsession with all things shelled and pink.
John rakes his gaze over my wild mane.
"Until you sell the bar and I have to move."
"There's really no easy way to say this, but I think it might be a good idea if we kept our relationship a secret at work," Andi said, damn near making him sigh with relief, that is, until she added, "I just don't want anyone to know that I've settled."
Especially into those amber eyes
Crazy, especially on a day where rip currents likely threaded through the surf.
A few wispy clouds trailed over the dark dome of the heavens.
"That we need to find the original records," Devyn murmured absently as he thought it over.
The floorboards quaked and quavered.
He let out a small moan.
Chase ran to the door and yanked.
You can eat like a horse."
Sure, I had no claim over him.
It's the second time he's said that and when I realize it, I break out in gooseflesh.
She struggled to keep herself upright in the water.
Sighing heavily, Devyn plucked the iced coffee out of her hand and took another sip before placing it back on the ground next to him.
The only other man John has ever felt anything for.
Besides, she had more pressing issues to deal with at the moment, like figuring out how she was going to get through two daily lists in one day.
I'm happy for you.
John is wearing a faded, claret-colored tee tonight, and well-worn jeans.
"Give me some time to finish stuff here.
He took one look at me in the NICU and suddenly decided that it would be a mistake to put college off for another year and never looked back.
Her legs ached from the long day, but her mind reeled.
John laughs, his hot, malty breath filling my lungs when I inhale.
"You didn't have to disappear.
When I return with two cold bottles of brew, I find John flipping through my record collection.
"I don't know what I'll do."
She did her best, but sometimes it wasn't enough.
The studio is coming together nicely. And quickly.
"I guess we both have a lot to learn."
Got other things to do now, anyway."
"We found a jellyfish one day," he said.
I can control their moods, their dreams.
"And is there a reason why you haven't told your boss about any of this?"
The MERMAID'S PURSE sign was a bit askew, but it looked like the plywood had held on her shop.
After the break-up, I changed Garrett's ringtone from My Desire to Someone That I Used to Know.
We've shared about a dozen kisses since he dropped back into my life at my boss - Nicki's - party last month.
"He quickly learned that if he wanted us to sleep through the night that he needed to put us in the same crib.
The dark corners of the bar loomed, and she could imagine Inna hiding and waiting to strike, like the hunters that had chased Christopher.
"I like to think of myself as an open book."
"It sounds like things are pretty serious between you, and he should have been honest."
He smells like heaven.
He realized he sounded defensive, and maybe he was.
"I suppose this will do," Andi murmured as she ran her eyes over him, taking in the incredibly handsome man before her.
They didn't accept that it was by choice.
"Is there someone else?"
A long howl sounded behind her and she whirled to see Inna on top of Chase in the sand.
Chase tapped his fingers on the bar.
"Well, that's enough evidence for me," her mother said.
"I'm sure there are," Andi murmured absently as she scrolled through the list of pharmacies nearby, only to settle on the only one that was within walking distance.
"There was a lot of damning evidence in that file."
Or a whole bottle of antacids.
I'm moving to Kansas and buying a farm.
"Yes," Devyn said, his eyes never leaving Lucas as he reached for the resignation letter that had been prepared for him.
Acceptance.
"An oncologist.
She savored the vivid snapshot of time that would become one of her favorite memories.
"A pirate?"
"Right," I say, cursing my idiocy.
"Kiss me," I demand.
"He was nice," Andi said, only to wince when he said, "Traitor."
The iPad had access to the files and the reports that she'd already filed and could have been accessed through Carta Hotels' accounts, but the notebooks held everything else.
"They should..." Andi hedged with a wince.
"We don't have to chat when you're working," I offer.
The feel of him all around me...it's indescribable.
When he fell, he poked himself in the forehead with the piece of driftwood he was holding.
I'm stranded!
I was the best and you know it," she said with a sad shake of her head.
He heard whistling, and then Mari, in a pink swim cover-up, headed onto the boardwalk toward the beach.
Don't give them a reason to look somewhere else.
"You're longer than I am but a little thinner."
I've never been with a man that didn't dribble when he was aroused.
He would never survive.
"It was all so pre-determined."
Her tribe had purportedly been part of the rescue mission, arriving too late to save Amelia, but she thought the whole event was a made-up story to warn merfolk not to interact with humans.
"You're good people, Franklin Llewellyn."
She was definitely efficient, he couldn't help but notice as he took in all the tasks that she'd completed today.
The Anger Management Series:
The kiss he plants on me is swift and instantly consuming.
He traced along her jawline with his finger, and she quivered but didn't move.
Tattoos were personal.
Almost a moan.
The streetlights glint off his wire-rimmed glasses as he opens his car door and sets the crate on the back seat.
She'd never looked more beautiful.
It's my time to shine," she said, blinking innocently up at him while he stood there, considering her.
He kissed her again, crushing her against him, her soft breasts against his chest.
If I don't see my shop in good shape, I'll never be able to sleep.
"You could show me where you live."
Inna was going to kill him.
No, but it's expected at this point," Andi said with a sad shake of her head.
Chapter 21
More measuring, more scribbling.
But the doctors had families to go home to and dreams to fulfill, and Chase had nothing.
The rain pecked at the ocean's surface.
Sometimes because you care about someone, you want to avoid hurting them.
The tentacle tattoo seemed to writhe as she stroked it.
When her fingertips brushed against his jaw, he jerked and opened his eyes.
She wanted to live at the beach, and he couldn't bear to be near the water and the dark memories.
"Hillshire Hotels," Devyn said, looking lost in thought.
She absently stroked his chest muscles through his T-shirt, feeling them flex and release under her touch.
"You set the fire?"
Chase's face, flushed with arousal, firmed into a frown.
Before he could reach up and cup his nose, the police were there, grabbing him.
A single framed photo of Luke perched on the side table.
To his ex-wife?
"Never had a reason to celebrate it," Devyn said, shrugging it off as he handed over two twenties to the cashier dressed as an elf.
We both cry out, the searing heat of him clutching my cock, it's...fuck, it's...
"I was pressed for time with trying to get down here and everything, but I managed to scan last year's financial reports for Hillshire Hotels.
And then the sex.
There was no fraud on Hillshire Hotels' behalf, which is why I'm assuming they're refusing to talk to Carta Hotels at the moment," Andi explained while Devyn stood there, taking it all in and...
"I'll tell if you tell," he sing-songs.
By the time I'm done, there's a vein ticking in his forehead.
"I help because I can."
Double Eclipse
"The rest of the executive offices and the boardrooms are on the floor beneath us.
The air, scrubbed clean, sent electric jolts of joy up her arms and she breathed in deeply.
Forget me.
Really wished that it didn't hurt this much.
They had a son.
"I was comforting you."
But the tide is turning in favor of new beginnings... and love.
I just hope it isn't the reason he left, that I'm not the reason.
She wasn't sure, and it was only fair to say that a fling was better than nothing.
In the dim light, the details weren't clear, but whoever had done the art was talented.
I'm in love with the new recessed lighting, and briefly wonder if he'll be back to work on the B room when he's done.
There was a heavy sigh, and then, Devyn was getting to his feet and tossing the folder that he'd been going over onto the couch and walked over to the bed.
Where her family still lived and carried on with their lives in what seemed like an alternate universe.
"You more than care, you've played She Wants Revenge every night this week."
"That explains why Jeff's pissed," Lucas said, chuckling as he sent Andi another curious look.
We should have installed shutters on the lower level."
The lyrics in a prom theme.
I had a teacher in primary school who still referred to America as ‘the colonies.'"
"Tell me that you're not really trying to steal her right now," Devyn drawled even though he had to admit that if the tables were turned that he would be doing the same thing.
"No more beer, thank you."
Chapter 31
I widen the door and gesture him inside, catching his scent as he shuffles past me.
There's a beat before he answers.
There was a time when his self-control wouldn't have been in question.
He was a rich man, and she was resourceful and intelligent.
Maybe he was a homeowner down the beach.
We talk a lot about everything.
He'd stay.
When she reached under his shirt to caress him, he eased his head back and closed his eyes.
Whatever you need just...
The ocean menaced, taunting him with its white-capped waves, still rushing in after the storm and spreading out along the sand in a bubbly veil.
She loved the way that he felt when he filled her.
Inna had pulled himself partway up, blood dripping from his nose, his head over the platform where he'd fallen.
She spread her legs wider, and he positioned himself, then thrust inside, sending ripples of pleasure throughout her body as he moved.
"Cause you know you can talk to me, right?"
"Is this true, Devyn?" Harold asked, but Devyn refused to play this fucking game.
"I thought we talked about that," Andi said, sounding completely relaxed in his arms.
He was going to miss her too.
John's cock is notched in my crease, and I automatically pull my knees up to spread my legs.
The only light in the room filters through the windows, painting John's bare skin with a pinkish, golden glow.
He started up the ropes, pulling himself along with little effort.
Her tail fought to surface, but she pushed the feeling down deep.
But he's standing there, only a few feet from where I am riveted to the hardwood floor, and my brain can't quite process this reality.
As long as he was on the island, he was a possibility.
Speak, man, useth thine tongue!
"Will it involve the accounting department?" she asked, narrowing her eyes on him as she waited for an answer that wouldn't end with her spending the next month looking for a new job.
Not a single thing to remind her of the time spent loving him.
"What?" I ask again, beginning to squirm under his gaze.
This two-door hatchback is an under-appreciated classic.
"I hope you're hungry.
"Can I have your crayons?" Drew, her twin brother and the boy that clearly didn't understand what was at stake here asked, sounding bored as he searched through her Winnie the Pooh backpack.
She'd be spending the night with Chase.
He grabbed the blanket and spread it over them.
He swallowed hard and changed the topic.
How much time would she have to convince him to stay?
He wasn't a married man or some prick bending his secretary over his desk on the company's dime.
"You've more than earned it, Andi."
How many times had she dreamed about this moment?
"I was thinking," John says, as I search the stacks for Prince, as he's next in my queue.
"Amelia wasn't murdered."
She had always shied away from conversation with Chase, other than the normal pleasantries she'd learned good Southern people offered regardless of how they felt.
We read everything we could about historical expos.
She'd help him get past his fears.
"I'm actually trying to earn a spot in school just outside the city.
Now, my lips tingle.
And there are a million people who could testify to that, including Lexi and Lance and Nana Taylor."
"My hand-eye coordination extends only to me being able to set a needle on a record or flip toggles on a console," I confess.
Sometimes I forget how breathtakingly beautiful Dyer is. Like right now.
Softly sighing, Andi rolled over onto her back as she reached for his hand and pulled it beneath the covers.
Then again, maybe that was a good thing, Lucas thought, glancing back at the apartment building across the street.
That was usually how it happened.
"There's such a shortage of qualified teachers right now," she tells us.
"And I do a few crunches every morning."
The storm's starting to blow.
He paused, stroking the towel, imagining her lying across the bed, the sheets in messy knots and swirls around her, her hair in loose waves around her face.
I let myself sink into it this time.
It's a beautiful smile, to be sure, but it isn't the one I want.
She knew the words would clog her throat as she said them.
He must be pretty high ranking to be allowed to spend so much time near shore.
Inna stumbled backward and fell off the platform onto the floor below.
Not lunch, dinner.
We decide to stay in the area.
"She'd want you to be happy, Devyn," Andi said, noting the way that he went still before his gaze softened and became curious.
Of course they would try to save her.
I busted my ass in college, put in more hours studying than anyone else, continued working my ass off, saving every penny that I could get my hands on."
"You could work on that, though."
She nodded for him to continue.
Umm, why is she naked?"
Taking the hint, Andi continued.
I pull the phone away from my ear and double-check the caller ID.
Nothing would change that.
My voice falters and I clear my throat.
It's a part of me."
"That's a nice name.
"There's potential here," Devyn said, rubbing the back of his neck as he looked around, not really sounding like he believed it.
In the candlelight, she looked peachy and ripe and all his.
Not many records of those times.
I wish I knew what he wanted or needed, I'd give it to him in a heartbeat.
Way to go, Mr. First-Class Jerk.
"That, and your lunch box," Devyn said in between teasing kisses.
"I fucked up," Lucas admitted.
She set her shoes at the bottom of the buried stairs and walked out onto the beach, careful not to step on any wood chunks or other debris.
"It isn't Garrett," I confess.
"Even when I'm telling you about the guy that helped me figure out that I like men too?"
Her panties were the only thing between her and his...
"They were planning on selling the majority of their stock so that they didn't go down with the hotel, which would have left them free to file bankruptcy without worry and-"
He pulled back, and with a quick motion he yanked her shirt over her head.
Unconditional Surrender
Garrett despises my show.
Make it last.
What's the story behind it?"
I thought I'd write about it."
John rests his forehead against mine, and we're both struggling with the whole breathing thing at the moment.
"Do you happen to have the number that he called?"
"You can be yourself with me," he says without turning his head to me.
She watched with hooded eyes, peering at the lean curve of his body as he twisted and moved, and the generous bulge in his pants.
After closing the cap and tossing the lube out of the way, I work the wetness into his opening with my thumb.
"That you try your best to keep your dirty little hands off me while I'm at work, so that I don't have to hang my head in shame around the water bubbler.
Probably not with the painkillers on the list, she realized, biting back a sigh.
I clutch him to me, unable to get enough of him around me.
"Did you see the family of roaches hanging out behind the toilet?" Andi asked, blinking up at him.
"Storm surge is expected to be ten to twelve feet and will come in right after high tide.
Another set of doors opposite seems to lead to a closet.
Standalones:
"No point in hanging around out here if he's already gone.
"I've heard of it," he quips.
"I'll have to call my realtor and see if there's a way.
Which I suppose, in retrospect, it had.
I pump him in time with my panting breaths.
Eat with it.
She never thought that a kiss could feel this good, never thought that she could want someone this much, but with every brush of his lips, she found herself wanting more.
"Come on, Devyn, please!"
If only she could show Chase those wonders.
That's when he'd moved his ass, driving to the closest mall and buying everything that they needed to stop Lucas from destroying any more evidence.
God, she was beautiful, inside and out.
I'm not available at the moment, but if you leave your-"
Devyn couldn't help but wonder as he stood there, holding a stack of files that he wasn't even sure that she needed and-
He rearranged the water pitchers on the bar for the fourth time, wiping the condensation off them and covering them with plastic wrap.
I'm tired and I need a break.
"I've decided to accept a position as a personal assistant," Andi said with a firm nod, knowing that he would see how perfect this job was for her as soon as he stopped looking at her as though she'd lost her damn mind.
The effect is lovely.
We were going to try for kids," he shrugs.
"I'm glad I make you smileeven if it's a cranky, small smile.
"Mr. Anderson is waiting in your office."
And mine..."
I'm forced to meet his eyes, and they shine with sincerity.
I was boarding up the bar and didn't hear about it until too late.
John groans at my reply and seals his mouth over mine, sliding his hands behind my head to angle it, putting me where he wants me.
Chase watched Inna's approach for a moment then turned to Mari.
Gotta stop acting like a lovestruck teen."
It would be easy to lay her down and take her again.
"Babe, don't tempt me.
Thank you for reading The Project!
I'll lose everything."
She turned and looked at the wall.
His balls are heavy and full, and my mouth is watering now.
Her mother walked out of the water, flanked by guards.
"I have no idea what she's talking about," Janet said, looking just as stunned as the rest of them.
I'm not even sure I like it.
"Chase's family abducted my great-great-something-grandmother, Amelia.
Inna stalked toward them.
He held on to the headboard, using it as traction to thrust harder, deeper.
I feel him slide his dick up and down my crease, searching for my puckered ring, and I spread my legs further.
It's one of the luxuries that spinning on the overnight shift has afforded me.
I feel safe here.
The one time he'd gripped her with those strong arms he'd almost lost his life.
Like preparing to die.
"I'll start bringing stuff upstairs," she continued.
God, he fucking hoped so.
To swim with him would be a fantasy fulfilled.
I told you that you were my mermaid.
Sighed, just fucking sighed when he spotted Andi sitting on Santa's lap, her arm thrown over his shoulders, smiling hugely as a middle-aged woman dressed as an elf took their picture.
"Hope bottled beer is okay.
What she wouldn't give to swim with him out in the ocean, his strong legs wrapping around her as they dove and played.
She felt incredible, Devyn thought, mesmerized by the sight of the head of his cock glistening with her arousal as it moved over the little swollen clit that felt so fucking good against his cock.
In fact, they would probably have both pursued her if he were still around.
I intend to find out what your problem is, Chase McCormack."
Exactly like Luke left everything.
Few people understand how much I need music around me at all times.
"Gayle tells me you've taken quite a shine to John Burton."
"That very large gentleman that keeps glaring at me was told otherwise," she said, only to end up narrowing her eyes when Devyn shook his head as though he didn't have a care in the world as he said, "I did."
He wouldn't be able to hold out much longer.
When he heard the bathroom door open a few minutes later, Devyn closed his eyes as his hands fisted by his sides and he inwardly screamed at himself to stay where he was, knowing that if he got off that couch that he was going to do something that he would regret.
I thought he worked for you?"
This wasn't going to end well, Andi thought, but then again, did anything in her life ever end well?
I follow him down and take him into my arms.
His voice, usually so rich and full, is thin and reedy.
Bad news or not, he took her breath away.
He twirled her away from the wall, his gaze never leaving hers, and then backed her up the stairs.
Paranormal Romance Novels
She looked up at him, aware that he must see the terror in her eyes.
Getting out of her arranged marriage to Inna wasn't going to be easy, but successfully running her own shop should show her mother she could be independent.
"You look great," he says, admiring my thin, peridot-green sweater.
I want to see the Ferris wheelit's my favorite ride."
"Why vinyl?" He gestures to the hundreds of records lining the walls.
A gust of wind tossed her hair around them, tickling his arms and sending shivers up his back.
The ache ripped through him like an insatiable hunger, and he needed to try to quench it.
"Tell me that you love me, Andi," Devyn said, kissing her jaw as he added a second finger.
No telling what Inna told her, but he'd probably stirred up trouble.
I can feel it in my gut, and it twists on his behalf.
Her foot slipped and she slid on the cold metal platform, catching herself before falling.
"Glad there's the inside access.
Was he seeing Kelly again?
I sleeve the record and spin toward the shelves to put it back, exhaling as slowly and as softly as I can manage.
"We're gonna be late," Andi pointed out as she placed the coffee that she'd picked up for Devyn on the nightstand before dropping down on his bed with a satisfied sigh and the extra bacon and egg sandwich that never failed to brighten her day.
Would the firemen be at the small station?
"Well, I've checked on you.
He could save Mari, though.
"Mesa," he said, holding out his hand for a handshake.
"You mean besides the fact that someone used it as a cover to embezzle from Carta Hotels for two years?" he asked dryly.
"Don't get sidetracked by my awesome.
"You're clean, right?"
Chapter 23
"And we've....done things, but not the deed.
Her breath caught in her chest and formed a lump that wouldn't dislodge.
"Not sell the bar until you are sure you don't want to be here.
His face throbbed and stung, but he felt much better after the shower.
"You terrify me, Miss Dawson," Devyn said, nodding solemnly.
I draw in a breath to yell at the cowards, but John grabs my shoulder.
Dyer lives just a few streets over.
He won't catch us.
Rare, though, especially back then.
Crazy to think he'd talked to her more in the last day than he had in total over the last few months.
He'd fired men for less, and now, he was doing the same fucking thing, only...
He thrust, again and again, until the last shudders of her orgasm were about gone.
He slammed his hand down on the bar.
"After the unfortunate circumstances with the Hillshire Hotels deal, I felt compelled to take a closer look to see how it got that far.
Innocent and pure.
He circled her clit with his finger then pushed two fingers inside, stroking and rubbing till he found the ball of nerves that formed her G-spot.
She breathed in his scent and memorized the feel of his salt-crusted beard scratching against her cheek, his firm chest flat against her soft one, and the roughness of his fingertips on her bare arms.
He was going to find out.
"Mmm-hmm," I reply, turning my head to rest my cheek against his chest.
"I don't think that I properly conveyed just how bad I am at this kind of thing," Andi said, nodding solemnly as Devyn leaned down and brushed his lips against hers.
It was too late.
Or maybe it was worth it, but barely.
Oh, yes, she knew what he was talking about.
Hold each other through the damned storm.
I pull, and John pops out of the car like a Jack-in-the-Box.
He'd kill Chase if he got the chance.
But he's right, not this time.
Mari refused to turn around.
This attention is damned addictive.
"And, while you process that information, I need another beer.
He held her in position for a few seconds, then gently lowered her legs and kissed the top of her head, brushing her hair away from her face.
She liked the way that he touched her, the way that he'd held her those nights when the pain became too much, and that was the problem.
"But you say it never went as far as..." I hedge.
"Sorry," Johnny darts back over to his side of the desk.
Sighing, Andi absently flipped through the file before tossing it aside and grabbing another file.
Only a partial lie, but with Inna, lies often were the only way around the anger.
A tiny buzz stung her inside, below her belly button.
"I'm glad you asked," Andi said, going up on her toes so that she could kiss his chin.
Not a lot of options without turning on the stove and I don't want to leave any more of a mess than I have to."
Flip-flops were not running shoes.
We hold eye contact for several breaths, the air charged between us.
As you plainly said, you're leaving.
The record really is in magnificent shape.
I have to swallow twice before I can speak.
His voice quavered, but she didn't seem to notice.
She was going to be the death of him, Devyn thought, unable to help but smile as he fixed his tie.
He sucks a bit of olive oil from his thumb, and I lose my train of thought entirely.
I love this, sharing music like this, and there are few people on the planet with which I can do it.
He leans in again.
Mermaid jewelry.
Candlelight is nice.
He'd stowed the memories away in a locker inside his head.
Life on land was so different.
He's usually so reserved, so tentative.
She won't tell me," Devyn absently said as he finished reading the part where the board members wanted to express their gratitude to Andi for catching the mistake before it destroyed Carta Hotels and letting him know that they expected answers.
He's still watching the damned ducks, but I want to see his eyes.
"I need light."
Oh, God, please!
"Please tell me that ‘The Mason' is code for going home where it's warm," Andi said, sounding really fucking hopeful as he dropped his hands away.
"Yes," Thomas said as Devyn helped himself to the laptop that his general manager left behind.
He took another long breath and slowly exhaled.
"Random," I say by way of greeting as I take his outstretched paw.
Have you met them?"
"I wanted to ask you something," she said conversationally, ignoring him as she removed the last of the gauze covering his stitches.
"I want inside you," he says, already flicking open the bottle of lube.
"I don't feel safe knowing he's out there lurking.
It's probably the most honest thing he's ever said to me, but I can't deal with it.
"I wish I could fly," she shouted to the sky.
"Come here," he commands, and I rise up to stretch my body over his.
Just like that, John's expression darkens.
No response.
Mari stood at the weathered railing of the bar deck and looked out at the seaher home for most of her life.
The couch across from him squeaked as she plopped down on it.
She might not get him forever, but she'd make the best of this moment.
She didn't have time to miss anyone, never mind her boss, and-
When I left his apartment tonight to drive to work, he didn't say goodbye.
She wasn't going anywhere and as soon as Uncle Shawn realized that, he'd stop trying to drag her away from the safety of the table that had cost her three juice boxes and a box of animal crackers so that she could be closer to the bookshelves by the timeout mat.
"If you don't want to know, that's your choice."
"I know you're worried about moving too fast for me, but are we moving too fast for you
Storms were safer when you were under the water.
He sits close, his hand on my leg.
She turned to Mesa, all fondness for him evaporating in the burgeoning heat of the morning, as the truth lay bare.
John isn't ready for that.
She rocketed through the tube then flew out into the warm sunlight and smacked into the plastic landing cushions.
Just a few feet and she could breathe.
"She usually stops by sometime during the night shift," came the answer along with another shrug.
"The tap's turned on if you want a beer."
But I like to think of him as a pirate."
He's looking at me like I'm the sexiest thing he's ever laid eyes on.
"Andi, I don't think that's such a good-"
And yet I'm worried about pushing him too far too fast.
The duvet is soft against my back, the cotton cool against my overheated skin.
I mean, yes, I'm attracted to him.
Who was this man?
We clink, and I take a sip.
"You won't have to risk hypothermia to have dinner with me," he explained as she looked down at the oversized tee-shirt and flannel pajama pants that she'd changed into after her shower and felt her shoulders slump when she realized that might be a problem.
Christ, who am I right now?
The ancient Ferris wheel sat closest to the beach of all the attractions, giving riders a full view of the ocean as they came over the top of the wheel.
"At least common sense prevailed."
They show him wading through a mob of protesters and a sea of hateful, homophobic signs.
His other hand is under my ass, and he spreads me wide as he pushes in and out.
Day shifts are...weird.
Peeling it over my up-stretched limbs like he's unwrapping a gift.
"I didn't bring anything dinner-worthy to wear," Andi admitted, feeling like an idiot, knowing that any sane woman would have packed something sexy to wear after spending a weekend with Devyn, but sadly, the thought never occurred to her.
This time, she had a plan.
The little glass mermaid sparkled in purples and blues, and she twisted it as she hung it on the hook.
My arm around his neck is like a vise, I know, but I can't control it.
He starts, his head spinning toward me, eyes wild, but then he relaxes under my touch.
"Mr. Anderson created a VP position for James Jamerson, authorized transfers, opened bank accounts, and interfered with the operations of this company," Devyn said before adding, "And then he threatened Miss Dawson's safety in order to force my cooperation."
He'd opened himself up, and now things dissolved around him.
"Always teasing me with your words and your pink clothing and that infernal whistling.
How can I help you?" the friendly-looking hotel clerk asked with a warm smile as they made their way to the front desk.
I have a very healthy libido, but this is something else.
Not a ship in sight.
"January is an off-peak month in Florida," he pointed out, watching as she scrolled to another page.
With a satisfied sigh, she took a sip from her juice box and looked up to find everyone in the classroom staring at her in disbelief.
She spoke through the T-shirt and waved wisps of smoke away with her hand.
If he'd asked me a week ago, I would have said yeah.
"We're visiting from a foreign country and..."
"Don't fall for the guy if he's not ready to be out.
He gave her breasts one last gentle squeeze before wrapping his arms around her.
"Everyone thinks about something, all the time."
We aren't the only ones out tonight.
Then they could talk.
And it's been good between us, so far.
I look up as he looks down at me expectantly, a playful smile tugging at his lips.
"First times are never anything to write home about, are they?"
Especially if she blamed herself?
Hadn't he learned that anger got him nothing?
Trying to savor the moment, like he'd told her he would.
"Start checking the accounts," Devyn said, slowly exhaling as he once again found himself wondering why Lucas did this and-
My instinct is to dismiss what he's saying, but Garrett's right about one thing.
His sandy-brown hair, cropped short and spiked, had paled in the summer sun, and his tanned face drew tight with what must be really bad news.
"Don't stop.
"The girls went to a club and won't be home 'til the wee hours."
His hot breath fans across my lips, and I want so much more.
Thankfully, hers was small and pink.
She had to know.
Today, she had to help Chase.
Not like most women, who would pick at their food and pretend to not be hungry.
"Yeah?" I reply without looking up at him.
And John is hard.
"I know it's a lot to take in.
In the time that he's been gone, my life has become one long routine.
It was the long term that would be a problem.
He helped people."
I shake my head.
She's twelve now...
Luke's dreams and plans
She studied the figure as it approached.
"You're being kind, and I appreciate it, but I hate it here."
"You're more than I could have ever hoped for."
To make sure he doesn't somehow sink his clutches into my John.
Curious, Andi watched as he approached the woman waiting for her and held out his hand for the resumé in her hand.
I step closer to inspect the photographs.
He walked the perimeter of the deck and she padded alongside, her hair occasionally brushing against his arm.
His eyes light up.
"He didn't complain," Andi told him, even as she thought about the panicked expression on Devyn's face every time she brought him a fresh coffee.
To hear from the pirate's descendant and get the answer to a story that had grown into folklore, would be amazing.
He knows exactly what I mean.
"You know how we met, right?"
Somehow, after who knows how long, I'm eventually able to stand.
I ignore the edge in his question.
"Guess you wouldn't know him.
He knew better than to let his guard down when the enemy was nearby.
I'd thrown on some Lamb and Portishead for dinner.
"Thanks for the shower," she said.
I spent more time with Patrick than I did my own wife."
Sweat broke out along his forehead and he dabbed at his skin with his napkin.
I can help.
"That, and we were able to find the money," Andi pointed out.
With that in mind, she decided to have another look at the bed.
"Do you have a song for me?"
His hair is a longer than the last time I'd seen him, falling in thick waves that brush his shoulders.
Kelly had been a cold fishnot that they'd been in bed much.
She was going to die, Andi realized, the words racing through her head as she struggled to pull free
The night in the bar would give her the chance to get to know the real Chase, not the growly bear he was being now.
I can only stay on the floor and watch him pack his things and go.
Dark circles have formed under his eyes.
Once, I forgot to set the damned brake and came out from my shift to find my car at the bottom of the hill, almost in the middle of Main Street.
She'd had it before, but not in pimento cheese.
We've gotten into the habit of taking lunch together again, checking out the local restaurants and bistros.
He held a belief or opinion and stuck to itsometimes to his own detriment.
I want to strip away all of that control.
He stood and picked her up, cradling her in his arms like fragile cargo.
After examining his swollen eye as closely as he could in the dim candlelight, he turned on the shower.
"Is blue a mood?"
Confronting him was rarely a good option unless cornered.
He couldn't believe that he and his brother used to surf too.
The mark didn't mar his good looks.
His groin heated and desire pooled low in his belly.
After a while, John's sobs grow quiet.
She made her way to the bar, hiding her snickering behind her hand.
I reach over and palm John's thigh.
But it's something passed down through my family for generations."
I'll be there in an hour."
No pirate shirt tonight, just skin-to-skin warmth and the feel of him inside her.
I am telling you nothing happened.
You're gonna milk me, aren't you?"
I'm here, so it has to be me.
He'd asked her to move with him.
John bites his lip, something I haven't seen him do before.
Once he was done, he focused his attention back on the man that had most likely saved Carta Castle from bankruptcy by locking Carta Hotels from their accounts.
He hopped off the bed and pulled open his underwear drawer.
"He lives pretty close, but not here on the island."
A few more feet.
"We were lucky," she whispered.
"I have to work," Devyn said, biting back a sigh as he kissed her one last time.
She probably saw right through him.
Vault-like and heavy, the bar was more like a cave or lodge than a beach place.
She turned to Chase, realization of what Inna saw rushing in to her consciousness.
His navy training had drilled that into him.
His hands are back in his pockets, and he seems to be finding it hard to meet my eyes.
"Oh, yes, if he doesn't get what he wants."
Now we're standing naked, staring into one another's eyes.
He had enough on his plate without her making it worse for him.
He reached to touch it and only caught air.
I hollow out my cheeks, drawing on him like he's my last breath.
Realized too late that he wasn't alone.
But Mari didn't know what he had faced.
The man's tone drips with innuendo.
I'm pouting and he can't even see me.
"You know how I work, D."
Never taking my eyes out of his, I reach forward and slowly unbutton his shirt, entirely aware that my breathing is too shallow and too fast.
With that in mind, Andi shifted to get comfortable as she closed the accounting file that she'd been hoping would give her answers and clicked on the next file, hoping that it would give her what she needed only to end up sighing heavily as she closed it and clicked on the next file.
Brooding and dark like its owner.
Chase debated going back into the bar so she wouldn't notice him watching her, but decided he'd pretend to be assessing repairs.
It could take away what I've worked hard to accomplish.
"Oh, baby..."
She arched her body to try to reach him, but he was too far away.
Mari held in another squeal, but it slipped out in tiny peeps as she breathed.
If everything is alright with him but, for all I know, he's dead in a ditch somewhere.
Sometimes the book was upside down and she didn't realize it, studiously eyeing the text until she thought no one was watching herthen she'd peek and stare.
I clear my throat.
It was now or never.
"You had to make this dramatic," he said.
Mari tucked her pale-pink T-shirt into her jean shorts and then yanked it out again.
She carried her grief in a totally different way.
They were safe, for now at least.
The dungeon caves haven't needed to be used in a long time, but they are still available if you take one step out of line.
Beads of sweat have formed on his forehead, and I want to lick them off.
He shaved quickly, running his fingers over his face to feel for missed spots.
What had once been important and at the forefront of his daily activities now felt distant and foreign, like the taste of something bitter.
"I'm an idiot," Andi muttered to herself, wondering why she didn't think about doing this before.
John's expression must mimic mine because his dislike for the flat is written all over his beautiful face.
"The question is, will it be enough?" he asked, gently caressing the back of her hand with his thumb as he waited for an answer, hoping like hell that it didn't destroy him.
I've never needed to feel protected before, had never wanted to be.
"They're good, thanks.
It also sits under the room's only window.
In a few short months, she'd taken the hole-in-the-wall room under the bar and made it into a thriving little tourist shop.
The whole back wall lit up with tendrils of fire that spread up onto the ceiling.
On reflex, I do too.
I fear I might die without it.
"I can honestly say that you were probably the worst assistant that I've ever had," Devyn drawled.
I don't see him anywhere up here.
This is all so much to take in, I don't begin to know how to deal with it.
She could almost feel the rush of water around her and the sun warming her muscles as they...
There's been over a hundred attempts in the last hour alone.
The island had seen its share of storms over the years and regardless of where the storm came ashore, the bar would be affected, at least to a degree.
It hadn't been long since he'd held her in his arms, and they lay skin to skin on the couch.
John makes a sound in the back of his throat that falls somewhere between pleasure and pain.
I think about the way he was with me, alternately attentive and dismissive.
"It's late.
They could overcome anything.
Having John live so close to the radio station where I work is a blessing and a curse.
I'd sure like to pluralize that word but, whatever the term is, it describes John Burton and me.
It's primal, a timeless, innate coming together of bodies.
He had touched the bread and felt its softness and slight dampness.
"You know what that does to me."
Gusty wind sang through the decking and sent a spray of fine sand across the weathered floorboards.
John is eyeing me with keen interest, but I wonder what's brought this up.
When he leaned his head in close to the couch cushion, he could feel her breath, warm and moist, against his cheek.
He'd wasted so much time.
Your apartment has some nice views, but being east facing, they're going to take the brunt of the storm."
The hurt in her voice ran through him like a hot chainsaw.
I asked you if there was anything I needed to know, and you said no.
He set the flashlights upright so they couldn't roll.
"Yes, I think he'd try.
She set the empty shipping box on the floor and rubbed her hands, trying to disguise her body's reaction.
I'm already zoning, my mind conjuring up all the different ways I could go from here.
He'd kill them both.
The ink snaked over his shoulder then wrapped down his side, terminating right above the hipbone.
If I'm honest with myself which, I admit, isn't often, nothing could have truly topped having lunch with John.
Except for the looting part.
Oh, no, buddy.
Flex, release.
I want to understand what's happening here.
And the little necklace you are wearing plays a role."
"Once they stopped screaming, I explained the situation and why I was forced to keep the embezzlement and fraud from the board.
Moaning his name, she dropped her hands away from his face and slid her hands beneath his jacket, running her hands down his back until she found bare skin.
"Well, we were close before this whole marriage and adulthood thing happened.
Too bad she couldn't ask the gull if he'd called her.
Once again, I feel like I'm missing a huge part of this conversation.
If Inna came back, he'd be ready.
Some areas of the road had seen a wash-over, and the sand across the pavement lay in testament to the sea's power.
He really was a good man, kind, sweet, and God, she liked him so much, Andi thought as she reluctantly dropped her hand away, deciding that it was time to get back to work.
We'd never find them."
He handed her one of the cardboard cups, his arm brushing against hers.
He grabbed at the water, trying to snag his brother, but it was too lateall he had was an armful of nothing...
Monster or mermaid.
"Did you make a decision about the gala?"
No, she didn't want to force him to like her.
As she headed back toward the bar, she stopped to pick up shells and toss them into the water, jumping up and down as they made their tiny splashes.
"What was that noise?"
Chapter 27
Gayle snorts.
"It's not fair, Chase.
"I really want to try," he says as we rinse off, his voice a grumble.
He kissed the top of her head, her hair warm against his lips and his head spinning.
Luke's favorite.
I've worked hard to make this shop profitable.
My heart clenches for him.
"Like... I have something to lean on.
"I failed my driver's test five times," she admitted with a rueful smile that had his lips twitching.
We're locked together, and everything just stops.
I want to wrap myself up in them, feel their power around me.
The sun would be up soon.
"That's not my signature at the bottom," Lucas pointed out, gesturing to Devyn's signature at the bottom.
The beard actually suits him.
When the song fades, I slide into a little Tori Amos.
Heat flushes over every inch of my skin as he takes two quick steps and claims my mouth, one hand behind my neck, one on my hip, before walking me backward and lowering me down to the bed.
"You were a lifesaver," she gushes, squeezing my arm.
I'm watching his mouth as it moves.
"It's the same email that I've been corresponding with for the past two years.
I need you to understand it."
I'm finally home.
Pursuing the Bear
"Oh," I say, trying to stamp down my rising interest.
Burton holds out a bear paw for me to shake.
"I drive everyone crazy," Andi reminded him, struggling to stay focused, which admittedly was very difficult at the moment with the way that he was slowly kissing his way down her neck.
I inhale his musky scent, tempted to run my tongue along his bare length.
"We're in this together," Drew promised her, shrugging it off like it was no big deal, but at that moment, she swore that she would always let him have the last juice box.
Inna was there but didn't seem to be closing in on them.
I need to touch him.
When she was little, everyone assumed that she had her whole life planned out and knew exactly what she wanted, but the truth was, she had no idea what she wanted.
"Because you still need to play the game by their rules.
The orgasm spirals out from the base of my spine, down my thighs, and up through my balls, spilling over John's fist and causing him to lose his rhythm.
She motioned him to follow, and she made her way closer to the dunes and away from the water.
She'd be on the couch.
I should feel used, but I don't.
You've been a good...friend."
"Don't worry," I assure him.
"I take pride in my work," Andi murmured absently as she grabbed another candy bar and settled back against the comfortable leather seat as she went over the notes that she'd made on Roman Palms Hotel.
Once he was done, her uncle gave her that same smile that got her into this mess in the first place.
His legs shake on either side of my hips, the muscles twitching and jumping with every touch.
"Miss Dawson," Devyn said, struggling not to laugh as Andi somehow managed to tighten her hold around the passenger seat and held on for dear life.
She opened the safety bar and it creaked as she moved it.
Luke, then Kelly.
Chase smiled and almost laughedhe knew what was about to happen.
His stomach quivered and he broke the kiss and began kissing her cheeks, her chin, her neck.
"And how do you propose we do that?" Devyn asked, looking over Jamerson's employee record, noting that his office was listed on the tenth floor, which, if memory served him correctly, was the janitor's supply closet.
Who am I kidding?
When he got to the couch, she was asleep, snoring lightly.
The story was different from what she'd always known, yet it felt right.
He finally grabbed her hand and breathed deeply as she settled in beside him, matching his pace.
Are you my tribe?"
Maybe she'd imagined the voice.
I don't know what I'd do under the circumstances, but I like to think I wouldn't keep something so huge from someone I was involved with.
No surprise, I've been a mess.
Her heart raced and she reached to stroke him, savoring his warmth in her hand.
I felt you under me, the way your body responded.
He turned away and began filling the pitcher with water.
He had no fucking idea where to start.
"Please tell Mr. Mathews that Devyn MacGregor is calling.
A huge storm was headed toward his bar, and he was sitting and eating pickles and talking with a woman who had no idea what it was like to lose a sibling and a lifetime of dreams in one quick moment.
"At least we still have electricity."
"I don't like to be around him.
"Oh, ummm," Andi said, taking a bite of the large chocolate candy bar as she absently gestured behind them, "John's son is selling chocolate to raise money for new football uniforms."
Then again, if he couldn't figure out a way to fix this mess, there wouldn't be anything to worry about.
He'd never enjoy the sea again, not like he had when he was diving, and Mari would be okay.
"I like it down," I sputter, not even bothering to deny the ogle.
"For eight years?
She grabbed a glass and filled it with ice water.
Maybe he had been duped too.
"Storm's close.
"Dinner would be good," I say with as much reserve as I can muster.
He spun when the sound of footsteps approached from behind.
"Is that good or bad?"
Chuckling, he said, "My name is Travis.
I still my hand, but don't release him.
And I think of him often."
"You'll never forget"
They'd spent most of the day taking down plywood and opening the storm shutters, and Chase had boarded up the two broken windows.
"I picked up that Ida Maria album you played the other night," he says, surprising me yet again.
He took his time, kissing a path down until his lips met the soft lips between her legs through her panties.
It could all have been for nothing, because of a stupid hurricane."
He was out of control and he'd already hurt her.
His sisters, I'm guessing.
"You can't," he snaps angrily, frantically searching the table by the door for his car keys.
Chapter 13
And how long had he been watching them?
"I'm just waiting for everything to finish downloading," Andi mumbled absently as her gaze shifted to the new laptop on the seat next to her.
His last - and only - serious relationship was with a guy so firmly planted in the closet, he was loadbearing.
"A fable."
He didn't speak, but his forehead tensed.
Chase wasn't involved and he can't be blamed.
A good friend?
We're fucking stuck and there's nothing we can do about it."
She was definitely in over her head on this one, Andi realized, but she didn't care.
WKMP changed my life.
Go on the sand?
We'd better get back to workbecause unlike you, I have no intentions of riding out the storm on this island."
"Because you're a pain in the ass," Devyn said, focusing on the large gash running down the middle of her back.
Found himself tossing the pen back on the table and shoving his chair back when he heard the four words that brought him back to the first time that she'd saved his ass as the boardroom doors were thrown open and Andi came stumbling into the room, hugging a large stack of files against her chest.
Or someone else?
"I don't recognize you.
"Wondered what type of music you like."
He could have caught them by now if he'd wanted to.
Which is tonight.
It wouldn't take long to devour the meal.
"But..." Andi mumbled sadly as she watched him drive away, unable to help but notice that he'd never told her that he loved her.
I take John's hand and press his index finger along the line of notes.
He wouldn't go out in the water for a million bucks.
Mari's stomach dropped and she opened her eyes and looked at Inna, his face immobile, like a statue.
But thankful.
"Some things are...difficult to share with the people you care about.
I must be staring at it because a smile touches his lips when I look back at his face.
He'd heard the music of the water in his soul, playing like an unrelenting melodyuntil the accident.
Thank you," Nicholas said, never taking his eyes off her.
"It's the only way out," he said.
The island might not be home yet, but she'd make it so.
He pushed down the tendril of fear that slithered up his spine.
Do you want me, Mari?
I am deliberately obtuse.
I mean, if I'd changed my name, I wouldn't go around announcing it."
I'm throbbing and thrumming as Carlos D liquefies my insides on this track, growling at me as he snaps his strings and threatens to eat me alive.
"No, Mom treated him at homethough he probably did need a stitch or two.
I didn't know that, of course, but we were.
Chapter 24
And when he found out she hadn't come home and wasn't going home, he was going to be pissed.
"But wouldn't he want you to stay?"
"He died many years ago, I barely remember his face."
Why am I thinking this now?
She liked the way that he touched her, kissed her, and looked at her when he didn't think that she noticed, and God help her, but she wanted more.
The metal screeched as it swayed.
He'd lost control.
Since when had his feelings for her jumped ahead of his need for self-preservation?
"I love Paris.
But I do know that Luke's death wasn't your fault."
That was followed by a second sigh, mostly because it felt right, as she climbed back onto the king-sized bed that was really comfortable and the decision to work on her super-secret project to pass the time.
His fingertips draw circles on my back.
"There were no requests at first," Abigail said, pausing to take a sip of her wine as she relaxed in her chair, watching him curiously.
It's because I know Dyer so well that I know we'd never work as a couple.
"Yes," I answer, finally, and he looks confused.
Like he's been clutching at it.
"If we can get into the fun house"
He hadn't had any of the single malt Scotch since Luke's funeral, preferring to drown his sadness in cheaper varieties of alcohol.
"I'd be safer at my apartment," Andi said as she quickly scrambled to the other side of the car and-
Last storm I'll have to deal with."
She ran her hands over his shoulders, probing each muscle and ridge and feeling each flex as he licked and sucked her breasts.
Dyer is standing right here, watching this exchange like it's a damned rugby match.
John catches me, banding one strong arm around my waist as he hauls me against him.
This wasn't going to end well, Andi decided as she watched Lucas push away from the door and-
And thankfully, this was the last window.
"There's nothing wrong with my priorities," Devyn said as the elf manning the camera gestured for them to take their turn in the sled.
She wiggled beneath his outstretched arms, and he moved the power tool so he wouldn't hit her in the head.
I was able to go through their files and figure out where they were losing money and create a plan for each hotel to increase their profits.
The storm had been a huge setback and if he didn't get everything back into shape quickly, the sale would be delayed, and so would the move.
Before his recent distractions, the energy between John and I had been gradually changing.
More than he could provide.
"I multitask like a champ," Andi muttered against his chest.
I honestly haven't a clue what to say.
"It's good," I say, fascinated by the workings of his throat as he swallows.
"You say you love me."
Thankfully, the surge hadn't reached the bar, though it looked like they'd have to dig out the bottom steps down to the beacha mound of washed-up sand covered them.
No longer cold, but warm and familiar, water flowed through her in symbiosis.
He's back in seconds, and I laugh.
He bit back the anxiety and clenched his fists.
But there's an even bigger high knowing that I'm in someone's home, in their car, in their ears, and I can be my best self.
The merman gave off all kinds of bad vibes.
This was going to be a long night.
Riding the ferry was one of his least favorite things to do, and riding on choppy seas would be worse.
Not with a deal this good and every member of the board desperate to gain control of Hillshire Hotels.
He made every minute count, finding ways to get more done so that every single minute of the day was accounted for while she did her best to stay out of his way.
She could see herself waking up to Chase every morning without ever getting bored.
"You'd loathe him as I do," he pressed.
Closing her eyes in anticipation, she waited for his touch.
"These little pink things need to come off.
"That feels so good," Andi whispered, moaning softly as he carefully took her clit between his lips and gently suckled it.
It was the only explanation that she could come up with, and one that she was really hoping that she was wrong about.
Both Burton and Dyer had turned and looked at me like I'd sprouted tentacles.
They'd tracked emails, phone calls, and even put the janitor's closet on the tenth floor under surveillance, hoping to catch him, but so far, the only thing that they'd managed to do was waste their time.
"You have to go, Devyn."
Sex would be a bonus.
She felt the necklace's energy flowing into her and she took a deep breath and looked out over the placid sea.
And I won't hurt you intentionally, ever."
"Why?" His voice has dropped to a whisper, which I have to strain to hear.
"I'm serious," John continues.
Not when she'd finally pushed her betrothal out of her mind.
"Well, don't rush to chime in.
Maybe he isn't sure we're here."
Heat from the blaze washed over them as the breeze blew in.
She pressed one last kiss against his length before she ran her tongue over him, taking her time learning what he liked and whenever he moaned, she would do it again.
Too much water, too little land.
We've already established that there are no expectations for this slumber party.
Close to someone.
Nothing else, she reminded herself, no matter how much...
She fell in love with him.
"Aside from the orgasmic dumplings, that is."
His eyes twinkle like stars.
The feel of the coarse hair on his lip lightly abrading my skin.
"Two months."
No acronym in the world could represent that.
She fingered her heavy pearl pendant, then placed a hand against her stomach, willing the nausea away with deep breaths.
How was it possible that she could talk so mundanely about being killed?
"It's moving!
I can feel his erection pressing into my stomach as mine tries to rip its way out of my jeans.
I can feel his pulse ticking away under my fingertips.
The question was, what did he want now?
He was always ready to pounce, at least with sharp words and a frown.
The only satisfaction I get is that because we let the women live, we have more heirs to kill for blood payment."
He glanced down at his phone and-
No sign of significant structure damage.
Laying his hand over hers, he closed his eyes and focused on softness beneath his heavier palm.
He stared back, pausing to enjoy the view of her softness and curves and the candlelight across her hair and skin.
The more I repeat this, the more likely I am to believe it.
And if you're inside, the whole structure could fall on you."
"You're my responsibility.
He slipped the fabric out of the way with his index finger, enough to see a tiny pink starfishsmaller than a dime, but perfect in every detailon the side of her breast, above her heart.
The room spins around me.
It's so true.
"You obviously like him."
But it did exist, and she had to fight for it.
He kicks the broken stick laying at his feet into the creek with the toe of his boot.
He moves one hand between us.
Inna took a big breath and expelled it slowly as he scanned the horizon.
"It could crumble at any momentand no telling if downstairs is on fire."
Potent, like he remembered.
He bobbed on the waves, the waterline hitting him below his armpits, mercifully covering his nakedness though he was in merform.
His hands frame my face, which I love, love, love.
He lifted his head and watched the gulls blitz the waves for small fish.
He's learned my body so well, what I like and what makes me drool and babble and shake, I think he knows me better than I do.
It takes a moment for my brain to compute his question.
He sighs and straightens, coming to his full height before turning to me.
They've been inordinately attentive, checking in on me when they leave in the morning for school and when they get home in the afternoon.
I have a job I love, and a man I can't keep my hands off of.
And I'm not so full of self-loathing that I don't recognize when a man is interested in me.
"We wouldn't want that," Devyn said against her throat as he reached for the hem of her shirt.
I'm not unhappy now.
My heart skips a beat or two as a sluice of heat washes over me, and my pants tighten a little around my crotch.
You know you're breaking her heart with this nonsense.
"Is that in Center City?"
If she wanted him gone, then so be it.
"I need you to stay here," Devyn said, clearly not understanding the seriousness of the situation, which was only proven when he climbed out of the car and opened her door for her.
The mermaid who'd saved him.
Instead, I watch as he stands behind another couple waiting to be seated.
"I'll never hear the end of it."
I hasten our exit.
"Inna's been murdering people and getting away with it in the name of revenge.
God, she was sexy as hell.
The shadow is back, and it's unmistakable this time.
Something inside me unknots and I relax into my chair.
It truly is the calm before the storm."
When she was done, Andi set the file aside and grabbed the pile next to her, searching until she found five more like it.
She had plenty to keep her busy, going over the audit records, looking for something, anything, that the team could have missed, trying to figure out ways to make Carta Hotels more profitable until she couldn't see straight and was forced to call it a night.
Already, they appeared angrier and bigger.
She flung her cup into the trashcan.
If her sister died...how would she handle it?
"Ain't that the truth," I mutter before I can stop myself.
Why couldn't she just leave behind all her troubles?
Inna ducked under a wave then popped up again.
The video cuts back to an in-studio reporter.
Chase set the plastic pitcher on the bar counter beside the dozen others already lined up along the top.
She reached for him, bringing him as close as she could, her body responding without any coaching.
And you're real.
One minute, you're kissing me, and the next, you're brooding."
"What are you going to do?" Andi asked, allowing him one last caress before she pulled her hand away and grabbed the notebook that she'd been working on all day off the coffee table.
"How did you get in here?"
Inna was close enough that she could see his long braid swinging back and forth like an executioner's ax.
Naturally.
"Why didn't we stay at The Charlton?" she asked, her gaze shooting to him as she nibbled on the admittedly delicious sandwich.
"No," he snaps, before lifting up off of me.
Instead, I state it.
Graceful and fluid, she didn't look a bit stressed at the news.
He's a guy I've been fucking around with for the last few months, but I know nothing about John Burton.
She was fine.
He chuckled and the railing creaked as he shifted.
After only a moment's hesitation, I reach a hand up to run it through his hair, something I've been longing to do but hadn't allowed myself yet.
Since when is that a crime?"
He couldn't risk anything happening to Andi.
When she saw the large print, she grumbled in disappointment, closed the book, and sighed heavily as she sat there, resigning herself to five more months of boredom.
It's a good scent and fits right in, out here in nature and all.
Mutiny, murder, scurvy and other diseases, abscessed tooth...
He'd want Luke to make his own happiness in the wake of storm damage.
Her body knew exactly what she wanted, and had no problem responding.
"The island is...narrow..."
"More interesting than mermaids and pirates and expensive jewelry?"
He ran his hand along the wooden railing, feeling the ridges from a thousand beer bottles and hundreds of warm summer nights.
John leans in, slowly, and brushes his lips across my jaw and up to my cheek.
He doesn't get angry when I drag him to a flea market to search for buried treasure in the form of old vinyl.
"That could've been embarrassing."
He takes a step toward me.
John meets my eyes and I see it, the gratitude.
He looked back toward the shop.
I still feel like I'm home."
"You can find another location for your shop here on the island, I'm sure of it.
But not this time.
Once she was gone, Devyn slammed the asshole back against the wall and-
"Why did you come to the station today?"
"It wasn't the first time someone tried to scare me off," she said only to sigh heavily and add, "It's a long story," at his questioning look.
He turned back to the TV.
You choose him over your own people.
I need to feel the flow of my set.
"No, I had that on me," Devyn said as he watched her race over to her bag and began tearing off her clothes.
Muscles that bulged in all the right places and a face that could easily grace a magazine coverhuman or mer.
"Sixty-seven days."
"Then, it's probably a good thing that we don't have to go anywhere," Devyn said, making her frown as he gave her hand a gentle pull that had her climbing off the bed and following him into the living room.
Besides, her stomach ached with anxiety since she'd learned of Inna's involvement in Luke's death.
How ironic that his bar was the only thing lit up.
"I did warn you."
Not waiting for a reply, he headed down the dark hallway to his bedroom, steadying himself against the wall as he walked.
He'd tried to call his team to warn them about what was about to happen only to find out that Lucas was several steps ahead of him.
I feel lightheaded, woozy with delight, but safe in his arms.
John's hesitant response had set off alarm bells.
He used to count down the days until spring and dread when the leaves started changing, knowing that winter was just around the corner.
"I caught a couple of your shows this week," she says, bringing up something on her computer screen.
He studied her a moment, then he was on her, grasping her with rough hands and yanking her to him.
His thick hair curls at the nape of his neck, and my fingers itch to comb through it again.
Her imagination served to calm her nerves, though sometimes she wondered where the heck all the crazy stuff came from.
Even now, with his eyes locked on mine, there's a silent conversation taking place.
He's unsure, now, and it's my fault.
There's a note of pleading in his voice.
John's smile finally falters.
I don't want my first time with you to run the risk of my hurting you, babe."
"Maybe I should have packed everything in my shop, but they weren't predicting such a strong storm.
Could Inna's story be true?
Another smile graces his full mouth.
He knows he looks good.
They'd remove the plywood on the remaining windows later and open all the storm shutters, but it looked like the building had survived.
The laptop has gone to sleep in my absence, and I touch the space bar to wake it up.
He picked up his napkin then dropped it on his empty plate.
"That is a colossally bad idea," I say, squirming on my bed.
I should just go hit the bars and find someone to ease this aching need.
She'll understand."
Chasing him around and picketing his house.
He flipped and dove into an oncoming wave.
It was the only thing that she ever asked from me and when she passed away when I was sixteen, I was determined to do more than that.
Why hadn't anyone let the local media know that the four o'clock ferry would be the last one off the island?
"I missed the way that you moan my name, the way that your breath catches when I touch your pussy, and the way that it feels when I slide my cock inside you, but do you know what I miss more than anything
Like a git, I answer.
The whole island felt still and frozen in time, like a torn photograph with parts missing and damaged.
I rinse my mouth in the sink and make my way back to the living room.
"Keep going," he says, his voice low.
"Sometimes, yes.
Something real, or it wouldn't be tearing you up like this."
Her heart pounded and she wondered if he sensed her lie.
Naturally, they were all unknown at the time.
Not with a man.
She watched the bird for a moment, following its flight out over the beach.
"So have you," Devyn said, watching Lucas as he forced himself to sit down in the chair across from him.
"It's my fault."
I put on a fresh pot of coffee when I came in, and he's all but drained it, poor man.
"As a gay teen?"
"Mind if we use my bed instead of the couch this time?" he asked, his voice low and full of promise.
He laughed and put his feet up on the coffee table, sending the candles flames into rapid flickering.
"Obvs," Dyer says, feigning boredom before he leans forward to rest his elbows on the table.
As in no way off the island.
Not when we have this."
I can't stop smiling.
Even if he didn't own the bar anymore, he could buy another one.
He was sure to respond well to her smart-ass attempt to hide her feelings.
If he didn't take her soon, she was going to come apart in his hands.
Catch you later?"
They're fucking huge.
I don't trust myself to look directly into his eyes, not out here in the dark, quiet night.
Inna groaned and tried to pull himself onto the spinning circle but held his head and kept his eyes closed.
He stared into her eyes and held her gaze until her breath caught.
It's a throwback, really.
I remember ‘Good Boys Deserve Fudge Always' from elementary school."
It's the wind that could cause the most problems, but if the storm stays a Cat Two, everything should be fine.
Not at all.
Her breath caught and she struggled to control the fear that clenched her chest.
Can you honestly tell me you would have believed me?
Lots of happy people.
We're curled in a thick blanket on this unusually warm, Sunday night in November when his phone buzzes beside him.
It didn't help, but she loved her uncle and she knew that he was only trying to help her.
Inna's thick shadow moved swiftly along the ground.
"What are you talking about?" he asked, which had her shoving the iPad in his hands and sitting up so that she could reach over and swipe through whatever file that she was trying to show him as he lay there trying to figure out what she was talking about.
So far, they've managed to steal over ten million dollars," she mumbled hollowly.
When he made his way down her stomach with his kisses and bites, she moaned and pushed him down farther.
Music set to sunny skies and puffy white clouds and frozen drinks with little paper umbrellas.
The candles burned down, and two of them went out, leaving only a trace of light flickering in the dark bar.
"Unlimited bacon," the bastard said, clearly understanding Andi's one true weakness.
"You make me want to do things to you."
After the conversation we'd had about the future, our future or the lack of one, goodbye seemed redundant.
So far, we've only shared the wine as we sit on the couch.
"Whoever this John guy is, he has you in a way I never did.
Dalton, not Burton.
How long had it been since they last ate?
He'd give happiness a shot.
"Could we get a second opinion?" His voice crackles over the words.
I've been careful not to push him into something before he's ready.
She heard him approach, then felt his thick hands yank at her shoulders.
Lucas had taken him under his wing and showed him all the things that he never had a chance to learn growing up in homeless shelters, rundown motels, and boarding houses and made it easier for him to blend in while he did his best to make sure that Lucas didn't get kicked out of another college.
She had a mysteriousness about her, something hidden.
He picks up the bottle of beer that Ward sets in front of him before giving me my second.
"There's nothing to apologize for," Devyn said with a small shake of his head as he focused on the file on his lap, a small muscle in his jaw twitching as he glared down at the file while she sat there, realizing why he worked so hard.
"Okay, now I understand the cloak and dagger," he says, patting me on the arm.
Mostly, things looked intact.
Nattering about nothing.
Broken glass covered the floor and he noticed she was barefoot.
Worse, I think I...
"I know, lots of alone time."
She stood, unmoving, looking out across the bar.
She'd never be able to be around Chase without total embarrassment.
"I'd love to see it."
When she met the first stroke with another soft moan, he groaned as he used his hold on her hips to pull her closer and-
She'd smiled the entire way here, talking his ear off about all the things that she was going to do when she finally saw snow only to have all of her hopes and dreams destroyed the moment they stepped outside and she realized just how fucking cold it was.
I'm pleased to find that John is an adventurous eater.
She headed to the bathroom.
Was forced to close his eyes and struggle not to lose control when the first scream left her beautiful lips.
Not to mention the awesome sex.
"You were worried he or one of his relatives would take the leadership of the tribe since they are direct lineage, and you are..."
shake him till he regained some sense then fuck him till he knew it for sure.
"I keep turning over in bed to put my arm around you.
She bent to attach the corner near Chase's knee.
It's kinda freaky, actually.
Have I mentioned how much I love to watch John eat?
Talking to Inna was all about carefully selecting what to say and when and how to say it.
His slight frame is utterly dwarfed by the other man in the room.
Next time.
He frowns and we fall silent for a while.
At least it was her bedroom window, not the main window in her shop.
"I hate conflict."
We stayed the whole summer, usually, and sometimes came when we were on Christmas break from school.
I almost choke on the sip of water I'm taking.
"I think the shiny, black disc goes into the paper sleeve," he says.
She matched his every thrust and parry, trying to diffuse some of the raging need that consumed her.
He adores sex and doesn't care who's giving or receiving, or what body parts are involved.
John looks dubious, but he nods and goes back to taping.
He needed her to fill out an employment packet for Human Resources and call the extension that he'd provided when she was done so that they could send someone to pick up her paperwork.
He finished off his coffee in one gulp and tossed the empty cup in the trash.
Fragile, easy to crush.
It was concerning," she said, nodding solemnly as he pulled his phone out of his pocket and looked over today's daily list.
"I didn't hurt you, did I?
He missed her, Devyn thought as he stood there, unable to take his eyes off the small woman sitting on the couch wearing an oversized Eeyore tee-shirt and plaid pajama pants and-
"More sure than anything."
The house is quiet, which means my flat mates aren't in and thank Christ for that.
He kicked at the sand and walked away.
"I amuse you?"
"Oh," he groaned, rubbing his face.
I need to know you want us to be together, no matter where we are."
"My mother," Devyn said, sighing heavily as he climbed onto the bed and joined her.
She'd never been very good at this sort of thing, never cared before, but with Devyn...
I don't know why you insist on being around them.
This was a massage, but her touch was magical.
But this morning, it's just us."
Names, places, characters, and incidents are either the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to any actual persons, living or dead, organizations, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.
"Your brother and uncle," Devyn said, making her wince.
Until then, she was going to focus on something else besides work, Andi decided as she took a deep breath and slowly released it before biting down on the mouthpiece and followed Travis through the calm, cold water until it reached her hips and it was time to swim towards what looked like the remains of a mast sticking out of the water.
Chase might sleep in his room.
The wind whipped her hair again, and she grabbed the strands with one hand and held them out of the way.
I run my hands over him, over the cotton of his shirt to feel the hard planes of his muscles.
"How do I trust him after this?"
The bar door slammed.
They weren't something I'd grown up with in the U.K., but when I realized how many twenty-four hours diners within walking distance of my flat served the fluffy little circles of heaven, I became something of a connoisseur.
He's wearing a crisp, light-colored button-down and dark-rinse jeans.
I don't know what to make of it, honestly.
He laughs, and it's that rich, chocolatey chuckle I'd heard the very first day we met.
The lube allows me in, just a bit, and John gasps.
She flipped back to the first page, scanned the list, and decided to start by learning how to make coffee.
He just hoped that whatever it was, that it wasn't going to set them back.
You slept with someone while betrothed to someone else.
There's no way I can translate someone else's mood into music when I'm down in the shit like this.
Almost like she was wrapped in Chase's arms.
On the other side of the slotted partition, the bar teems with hipsters.
John is a breath of fresh air.
He picked up the empty shipping box off the floor and set it on the step stool by the window.
She should be working on the rest of the audits, but she just couldn't shake the feeling that they were missing something.
John grabs the television remote from the side of the desk and turns the set on, muting the volume.
"I feel a lot better already."
"Please, don't go."
Maybe it should, I don't know.
His eyes crinkled as a moment of tension crossed his features.
Did Chase have another girlfriend?
"7389 multiplied by 84."
The wind gusted and Inna looked out over the sea, his jaw tightening.
He's tall, with the body of an Olympic swimmer, which he almost was.
Everyone had either evacuated the island or was home boarding up ahead of the approaching storm.
"I think the ship was fake," Andi mumbled as he watched her hand curl into a fist around the comforter.
His glare never leaving Nicholas, Devyn grabbed a slice of bacon and popped it in his mouth as he thought it over.
I promise," Travis said, chuckling as he shot her a wink and she found herself watching Devyn as he pushed away from the railing and joined the incredibly beautiful woman by his side while Andi stood there, unable to help but notice that their children would be beautiful.
They're like boulders in my hands, unmalleable.
When he dropped his hand away so that he could glare at her, she mumbled, "Right," as she sat there, slowly nodding her head as she thought about their options.
"I've applied for a position in the school district."
That was pretty insensitive of me."
Next month.
"I believe Miss Dawson did a wonderful job of that," Lucas bit out evenly.
"I suppose you could do that," Andi said as Devyn reached down and traced her slit with the pad of his thumb as he pulled his belt free with his other hand, his gaze finding hers as he unsnapped his pants and pulled his zipper down.
While I ache to have John buried deep inside me, to feel him unleash all of his power upon me, my hunger for him spikes my bloodstream like a new song by a favorite band.
The only thing that I knew was that we were on our own.
"Thank you," I murmur to our server, my mind still processing the significance of this evening.
It explains his patience and his desire to understand everything.
Grumbled when someone knocked on the door.
Loving the feel of him in my hands.
He coughed again and grabbed a T-shirt off the floor and tossed it to Mari.
The laugh turns into a moan when I slide down the bed and take the length of him into my mouth.
He rubbed the tattoo and took a deep breath.
All this time, I could have been there for him.
The island was dark.
The truth is, with the door closed, I wouldn't hear any of that at all.
"I think he has a crush, our Mario," Nicki replies in her velvety alto.
I know where that road leads.
"Probably not?" he asked as they made their way to the doors and waited for security to buzz them out.
Still, her body shook with happiness at getting to swim a little.
He'd seen the fear in her eyes.
I look up and find Johnny watching me.
John devours me, licking the roof of my mouth, the inside of my cheeks, leaving no part unexplored.
"Helps me focus," Andi said, nodding solemnly.
"No one has been able to get all five questions right so far, but I have a good feeling about today," Miss Thomas said with a warm smile as Andi sat there, watching her write the first math problem on the whiteboard as groans erupted throughout the room.
"So, I have an idea," the only thing that was stopping him from losing his fucking mind said as she grabbed the chair that he'd thrown across the room and pushed it back to his desk.
"It's that navy diver man, isn't it?"
But if he wants to go there...
"You've been awfully tight-lipped about you and John."
Just as She Wants Revenge ends, it segues into Blue Monday, and I know I have eight minutes and seventeen seconds, give or take, to get myself in gear.
"Are you ready to order?" Ward asks.
"No, my ex-wife is nothing like you.
I don't know why I waited this long."
Could Mari help him find his way back to the sea?
He should have brought her, but that wasn't an option, not with Lucas watching their every move.
It didn't matter that Christmas was a month ago, he knew without a doubt that she wouldn't be able to resist the lure of candy canes and reindeer.
"You're supposed to be home resting, Miss Dawson," he drawled, sighing heavily.
"Scotland," I correct him.
Her feet ached as small pebbles flew up under her heels.
I should've died alongside him."
I could ignore my listeners as so many modern jockeys do.
"You think I didn't know that Chase was related to me?
Then, she would show Devyn what she could do.
"Unless you're going to your friend's place."
Her face darkened, visible in the candlelight.
It looks uncomfortable for him, but I don't say anything.
The small shop had been her connection with the human world, and her independence.
They think you have a gift.
"I'm sorry he hit you."
Right now, that's Liz and Ivy, two hipster kids from New York that are in Philly for school.
He motioned her to sit up beside him.
Your room?"
I'm staying for my shop.
For both him and Mari.
"Just, wow.
She doesn't say this last bit, but I know it.
That's lucky," she murmured absently as she made quick work of booking the room.
Always thoughtful.
"I hear your heart beating."
John's smile is shaded with something I can't put my finger on, but he nods again.
When I went into construction, I took my mother's maiden name as my new last name.
Maybe for the first time.
"But, if you love teaching, why aren't you doing it full-time?"
She shielded her eyes against the bright sunlight streaming across the debris and walked over to the railing, her flips-flops hitting the wet deck with a smack-smack, thunk-thunk.
She'd checked on her shop and come in after him and hadn't said a word.
"Yeah, just off Passyunk Avenue.
It feels too much like a reveal, and I don't know what to do with that.
She watched him leave, or more specifically, watched his butt leave.
He groaned as the cold sank into his bruised skin.
She had to get rid of him as soon as possible.
Are you afraid of some chicken noodle?"
He shook his head at the unexpected response and ice shot through his veins straight to his heart.
His grasp was warm and soft.
Her mind flooded with the implications.
Excitement buzzed in her belly.
She didn't want to notice how handsome he was or how much she liked it when he touched her.
Yank him to me and make him kiss me, touch me, fuck this hurt away.
She felt so good in his arms, Devyn thought as he released his hold on her and reached down, grabbing hold of the oversized flannel pajama pants that turned him on more than lingerie or silk ever had and slowly pulled them down, quickly realizing just how important touch was to Andi.
His fingers curl around the back of my head, urging me up.
Mr. Anderson assured them that Mr. MacGregor was well aware of the situation and had a plan to turn it all around.
Chapter One
I click the link and, sure enough, it's Patrick.
Their gazes met and she ducked her head, her heart hammering.
We'd said we'd try to stay friends, but I'd been so wrapped up in John, I'd neglected everyone else.
"You're not supposed to be back until next week," Andi said, her lips pulling up into a shy smile as she tossed the file on her lap aside and climbed off the couch.
Wonder why he didn't have his portrait painted with her?"
"It's too cold," Andi mumbled sleepily as she rolled onto her side and watched him as he reached down and picked the comforter off the floor and laid it over her, tucking her in before pulling his pants back up and saw just how wrinkled his suit was.
He gives me a flash of perfect, white teeth.
I admit, I'd thought things would progress to something more hot-and-heavy in the time that's passed, but they haven't.
Not for months.
I really did hit my head hard, didn't I?
She hadn't gotten a good look at him in the dark bar.
Likely raped too.
"Giselle has been upgraded to a strong Category Two on the Saffir–Simpson scale.
She looked at him again, her eyes wide and mouth set in a tight line, probably trying to figure out how he was taking all this news.
I want to focus on the good things.
Inna tried to push past her, but Mari stepped in front of him.
"We're gonna have so much fun."
"I used to be a teacher."
Flashlights.
By the time we've stumbled into the vestibule, we're in various stages of undress.
Not thinking about her changing clothes.
Not when it felt this good to finally let go.
He'll know how much I've missed him.
He loved the way that her hands felt on him, the way that she explored his body, running her hands down his arms, and over his chest before reaching around him so that she could run her hands over his back as her lips found his chest.
He studies me intently and I begin to squirm.
Who I am and what I have to offer.
Well, at least the one wall.
"I was a wonderful employee and any company would be lucky to have me," Andi said, deciding that she was free to leave now that she'd made sure that the big jerk was okay.
He set one in front of her.
"That I should do whatever it takes to keep them happy," Devyn said dryly, looking exhausted as he tried to figure out how this happened while she sat there, amazed by just how much she liked it when he touched her.
Someone who'll stay.
Her legs flew open, almost of their own accord, and she held his shoulders with a vise grip.
Inna had been staring, face against the panebut where had he gone?
He definitely planned to return, as he left her with his personal effects, but something must have happened.
The scent of vanilla from the candle wafted around her and she eased.
"We need to go, Devyn," Andi said, swallowing hard when Drew reached down and picked up the longboard.
"That's what I wanna hear."
Friendly enough, but he's never as chatty with me as I've seen him be with others.
To perfect.
The sickening sound of flesh hitting flesh reverberated in the chamber.
My voice is red velvet tonight, and my mind is sharp.
He could have at least patted her on the arm or something.
We're done.
"Is that our turn-off?"
Digging through my bag, I pull out my headphones.
Optimistic, even under the worst situations.
I doubt service has been restored anyway."
He grins, his expression softening as he studies me.
"Because you won't let me work," she said, making him sigh heavily as he carefully pulled the shirt that she'd borrowed from him back down.
He'd have to face cleaning and packing all of it up after the storm, and then he'd be able to leave the little seaside town forever.
He shook his head and gritted his teeth against the urge to push into her mouth.
And lots of places to hide.
"Not opening the bar tomorrow.
Did you have something specific in mind?"
Besides, Chase needed her.
"Then, thank you for walking me home and for not answering the really disturbing questions that will haunt me for the rest of my life," she said with a solemn nod that had his eyes narrowing on her.
They also had the IT department track her emails, logins, and her company phone records," Lucas said, making him frown.
Our last conversation hadn't been pretty, but it had been necessary.
"Ever since I was a child, I've had a theme song for every member of my family, for every room in our house, even the path that I took to school.
Chapter 12
You'll see," Uncle Shawn said as they walked into the classroom lined with desks instead of tables like her old classroom.
"Yes," he said, knowing that he didn't have a choice, not if he wanted to pull this off.
Scorched: Thirteen Dragon Shifter Paranormal Romance Standalones
"He needed this deal to be perfect to get a spot on the board.
I wanted to know John Burton, had wanted him to know me.
"I don't think that it would be in my best interest to answer that question," Andi said as she ducked beneath his arm and headed inside.
His are nearly black with arousal.
Maybe he was descended from pirates.
And would she think he was a total lunatic for changing his mind that drastically?
"Tongue!" she yelped as he licked her sex through her thin panties.
He clasped the back of her head and slipped his tongue into her mouth, savoring every movement.
"Well...you are, aren't you?"
"Because you're too bloody perfect," I whine.
He'd come back tomorrow morning and find out what had sent the manager panicking in the first place.
Not all could shield an entire ship that size, though.
He'd lost his mind if he thought he'd leave the island and her.
"We should grab a shower before we both pass out," he mumbles.
But then he's staring at me like he's about to fly apart at the seams.
John's eyes nervously follow the car until it disappears out of sight.
He shook his head and listened to her soft sobs.
"I hate you," he sneers without venom and then winks at me.
More importantly, I'm not the guy for him.
And then I feel him.
He's driven down to my place and found a coveted parking spot on my street that he doesn't want to give up.
The door banged in its frame, rattling and thumping from the wind's beating.
I became a recluse in my own hometown.
We could go somewhere new for brunch tomorrow, and you'd be closer to work on Monday when your shift comes around.
It had been so longor at least, it seemed like itsince a woman had touched him as gently, with such care.
His eyes grow comically wide when he walks into the booth and sees my face.
"A tentacle.
"We're not so uptight in Scotland as you Americans."
He stared at his hands, examining his nails before continuing.
Maybe he wants to ask me more about Garrett and me.
Still, I glance at the screen because even seeing his name brings a warmth to my belly.
"You can read it if you need to, but everything came back negative."
I know I have a few extra blankets in my closet.
It could only be one person.
"I need to be here in case the water gets too high," she said.
"I thought they concluded it was nothing," he says, sounding almost desperate.
"Fuck...shit...Frankie...shit, what the...fuck" He's panting, gulping down air like he's afraid it will all disappear.
"How can you have a body like this?
"You must be Devyn," the large man that looked a lot like the small woman tearing through the files he'd brought said.
"It's just for a few nights," Devyn repeated hollowly.
Which means Garrett and I are done.
"You," he says in a voice that makes my balls swell.
I like it a lot.
Do you go shopping and buy shoes and have tea?"
"He'd never succeed, love.
He kept telling himself that for the next hour as Lucas went through his presentation, focusing on their plans for Hillshire Hotels, the projected earnings, and their expectations until finally, it was time.
I've been working on my argument for a while.
It had appeared when she was sixteen.
And there's the sadness I'd seen in him before.
"Her grandmother had a bad fall and was unable to care for her.
He was ready.
He sighs with defeat and turns his head to me.
"You haven't seen every inch," I remind him.
Convincing the small woman curled up in the fetal position to leave the hotel so that they could go meet with the general manager of The Charlton.
He is rather pretty, in a rustic, Jeffrey Dean Morgan kind of way.
"He's been dead a long time."
Needing more, Andi reached for his tie and pulled it loose, her lips never leaving his as she lowered her hands to his shirt and slowly unsnapped each button.
Drown in his heat and his scent.
Again, I'm left with to question what the fuck is happening here?
It sounded like it came from...the waves.
We've just polished off three cartons of Thai food, and I'm nearly in a food coma.
He has his mouth pressed to the top of my spine, and grunts with every push of his hips.
Luke would want him to move forward and enjoy life.
The more he told her, the more freely his words had come, to the point in time right before Luke's death.
My name is Miss Thomas," a blonde woman with a warm smile said as she gestured to the empty desk in the front row.
He pulls back, only far enough to look into my eyes.
Need to not be here.
He wasn't as cheerful as the weather girl who'd been on earlier.
I expect him to say any number of things.
He slides his chair closer.
He wouldn't let it take the bar too.
The storm neared, and the sky was pure roiling steel with fast-moving clouds rushing inland like a movie on fast-forward.
"Plug them into the TV so you can hear the film."
Abduction, rape, and murder didn't sound like components of a romance novel she wanted to read.
"Because we had it handled," Abigail said firmly even as she gave him a warm smile to soften her words.
Sure, she occasionally missed her mom and sisters, but they were only a swim away.
A condom wasn't necessarymermaids couldn't get human diseases, and she was on birth control for hormonal reasons.
He rears back a little.
He watched another minute.
The bar was more than his livelihood, it was his home.
"I wanted to make sure the boards were secure," she said.
"I need a new assistant, Miss Dawson," Devyn said as he leaned back against the wall.
Thank goodness her mer-mark wasn't embarrassing.
Breathe, Franklin.
I smile and make my way back to the booth in time to run the station identification and start the next block of songs.
I duck my head to meet his eyes, even though they're shaded now.
He pressed his back against the wood to steady it.
He grabbed another empty pitcher from under the bar top.
The only thing that you told me was that you needed help cleaning up this mess," Andi reminded him as she turned off her iPad when she heard him walk back into the room.
It's kind of adorable.
He loosens his hands around mine, but I clutch one, forcing him to keep the contact.
At least on land the sickness would be more tolerable.
I push him away from me.
This storm was going to fuck him over good.
Carta Hotels made them a very generous offer for the project, as well as about two dozen hotels, but Nicholas had offered her unlimited bacon and office supplies, leaving her with no choice but to accept his very generous offer.
"I was just going to head back down to the city."
Most of them still are, if they're still together at all.
There's a bite of hops on his tongue when it wraps around mine, but beneath it all, it's just John.
I'm not staying because of him.
Not when he needed to be okay for her.
Normally, that would probably bother her, but since Mrs. Jenkins refused to mix up storytime with books from the list that Harvard University highly recommended to encourage a lifetime of success so that she could check them off her bucket list, Andi didn't care.
The candle cast long, squiggly shadows down the hall, like seaweed waving in the dim water.
She'd swim later when the bar and shop were boarded up and safe.
I swallow the fear that wants to crawl up out of my throat because the thought of not having John Burton in my life is unfathomable.
It's my laughter and my tears, my greatest joy, and the absolute expression of my pain.
Waking the Bear
"We'll go through the house and out the other side.
Between that exquisite pressure, and the taste of him, and I can't hold on anymore.
"So do you," I say.
With any other woman, he would have already grabbed a condom, but with Andi...
He had that little silver scar above his eyebrow the rest of his life.
"Anything edible is good for me.
He needed to stay focused on what he needed to do to fix this fucking mess.
Liked being in control."
"You weren't the only one that wanted answers, Devyn.
I can't help but want to be here for him when he gets back, no matter how angry I am.
"The only Police songs I know are Roxanne and Every Breath You Take, which is super fucking creepy if you ask me."
He's not someone I speak of often.
He couldn't be what she needed.
When my phone vibrates on the desk, some traitorous part of me hopes it's him.
Which I won't.
"You can't win.
"I hope you introduced him to something from this century."
Hurriedly, I click play.
To capture Chase's heart would take more than a hurricane and a few talking gulls.
"Looks like it," Andi said as Devyn accessed Carta Hotels' employee database and typed in the mystery employee's name and...
"Hang on," I tell him as he starts to unspool himself.
Chanting my name again, and again.
The bathroom is tight for two grown men, but the tub is big enough.
When she moved to load her bags into the trunk, he was there, somehow looking more pissed off than he had a moment ago, loading their bags into the trunk before slamming it shut and opening her door for her.
Only the faint sound of waves broke through the thick air, seemingly far away and muted.
He rests his chin on the top of my head, and then it's just him cradling me, me clinging.
Doug often opened his mouth and spoke like a surfer-savant.
"I... I don't have a clue what to do," John says, his voice thick with desire.
"And Drew is..."
Maybe he sees some of that because he's practically staring into me, as tendrils of fire lick up my spine.
It should have been so easy.
I'm nervous.
It had been a long day and even longer night during the storm, and she ached to succumb to the warm dizziness that accompanied such total exhaustion.
"Losing people we love is the hardest burden we carry in our lives."
Inna looked out over the waves toward the horizon and stared at some unknown point.
But we're not keeping your hideous sectional."
Pharaoh, Mine
Damp perspiration gave his face a glow and his eyes shone.
He had only spent a few days with her, and he was planning to share his life with her.
If his mother heard her, there'd be no end to the questioning.
No, I'm not sleeping with anyone, but I feel like I've connected with John.
Well, that, and she hadn't seen him escorted in handcuffs from the building yet.
He picked her up and carried her to the couch as she leaned her head on him, trembling.
Ignore the giant ocean out in front of him.
He takes me with him, and now I'm half-draped across his big body.
God, he was fucking pathetic, Devyn thought even as he raised his fist and knocked on her door.
"And chips.
Practice it.
I want so very much more.
"I just wanted to check and make sure you're alright."
She crossed her arms over her wet shirt, shivering and still holding on to her hair.
"Are you telling me you don't miss me?
An absolute steal!
"I helped Lexi and her grandmother move out here to Philly a few months ago, so she could be closer to the specialist."
"I want you to have me first so that I can learn what you like, what feels good.
Thank goodness he understood about the arranged marriage and Inna's reaction.
"I try to be helpful," Andi nodded solemnly as a thought occurred to her.
"No work," he said, closing his eyes as he lay there, savoring the feel of holding her in his arms while he could and...
Even though we just had lunch together this afternoon, John's here again tonight.
Trust me, if someone asks you what type of music you like, they're looking for an actual answer.
He was the best father that we could have asked for," she said with a fond smile, unable to imagine a better childhood, which made her wonder about him.
Swallowing hard, Andi slowly looked up and found Lucas standing in the doorway, looking completely relaxed as he watched her.
Chase's stomach growled.
You're quiet."
She worked sixteen-hour days, grabbing every shift that she could get her hands on, and I hated her for it.
The incident in the fun house had invigorated him.
The night was achingly quietespecially compared to the torrent an hour ago.
"My da would come into the room at night and turn off my stereo, worried the music would affect my brain, somehow."
"Because I'd planned on working from home this week since Devyn wasn't supposed to be back until Wednesday," Andi said, wondering why Ben never stopped by Friday night to pick up the files as she moved to throw the covers aside only to realize something very important.
I want him, I want him, I want him.
"There's no snack time in the fourth grade, buddy," Uncle Shawn said as Drew suddenly came to a stop.
"More than anything."
Garrett hums into the phone before answering.
"Is there somewhere we could talk?"
The long shadows cast by the candlelight gave the room an almost otherworldly glow.
The warm candlelight played across her features, softening and smoothing them in a glow that looked like warm rum on a late summer's day.
He's not going to drop it, and John is now thoroughly engrossed in his new harem.
As much as he would enjoy another roll in the hay, he was afraid it would turn out to be much more than one night.
"I'm a heartbreaker," Andi mumbled sadly with a sniffle, absently noting the way that his lips pulled up into a smile against her skin.
"Inna was killing off his own relatives?" her mother asked.
"It may be our only means of communicating after the storm."
"Thanks for the show."
"I don't think you have to worry about that," Travis said with a sheepish smile that had Andi frowning as she tried to figure out what that look meant when she remembered the way that the incredibly beautiful manager looked at Devyn and-
"I could be an evil mastermind," she informed him only to follow that up with a firm nod that had his lips twitching despite the fact that he'd just been fucked over by his best friend.
Shakespeare had nothing on mer-literature.
Don't set one foot outside the station.
"I thought I was making the coffee."
He lets out a sigh that melts my heart.
"Because that freakishly large brain of yours will never let it happen," he said, shrugging as he reached over and gave her a patronizing pat on the head.
He struggled to light the pillar candles with one hand, finally balancing the flashlight between his cheek and his shoulder so he could see what he was doing and use his hands at the same time.
The tiny wire filigree swirled and looped on itself in an intricacy of metalwork and craftsmanship.
Sure, she understood that the upcoming storm made him nervous, but things would work out, she was sure of it.
"No need to sweep till after the storm.
Doug was right; the place would never be the carefree, sun-drenched playground it had been in college when he and Luke first concocted their plan to take over the island.
Such a difference from Inna.
Those lads could put away an entire cow and ask for seconds on pudding.
The air between us is pregnant with something I'm afraid to name.
A wall of clouds surrounded the area in a tight circle, and it seemed the bar was the oasis in the middle, the only thing that existed.
"Mine," I tease before tearing open the packet.
"The gash and the bruise are healing quite nicely, but they're still bothering her.
"You need to leave the island, Chase.
I'll wait until morning to take a look.
This blow is supposed to spit out some big ones.
But hadn't his life already had enough excitement and danger?
"I...you can't."
He'd been such a lousy boyfriend to Kelly.
One Year Later...
"That's what we're going to find out.
We reach the middle of the square, and John gestures toward an open bench.
What would you call friends who take long walks together, hang out two or three afternoons a week, and occasionally kiss each other goodbye?
"Are you sure that's the best decision?
"I don't know," he says, but I can see the wheels turning.
There's a conversation to be had, but this isn't the place for it, and we come to a silent agreement to shelve it for later.
"Or do you need a couple of minutes?"
She sucked in a deep breath, then flipped her tail to keep her position in the water, putting her back against the rough pylon for support.
It had felt like we were building momentum, though toward what I don't know.
Thin as a reed, with flaming red hair and the most adorable freckles across the expanse of his hennaed cheeks.
Show your mother that you are okay.
And not a peck of a kiss either, but a soul-searing exchange.
She shook her head and retraced the heart in the sand.
"I was asking myself that same question an hour ago only to decide that it was probably in my best interest to leave her alone when she dropped this on my desk," Devyn said, picking up the legal pad that she'd left on his desk with a mumbled, "You should probably look at this," before stealing his coffee and returning back to the couch where she immediately ignored him and set back to work.
I'm sure it won't be a five-star meal, but it should serve its purpose."
My arms, which had snaked around his neck, now push me back from him.
She glances up from whatever she's filing, hair askew, and flashes me a deep-dimpled smile.
High water or not, the path was in front of him, and he could only move forward now.
"Is that your area of expertise?"
When I was done, he disappeared in his room for the rest of the night.
Oh, how he wanted to watch his cock disappear between her soft lips again, over and over.
"But if you want me to go, I will.
He only wore shorts, and short ones at that, and his dark, broad chest and feet were bare.
Looked like the storm would make a direct hit somewhere nearby, but hopefully not in such a populated spot as the town.
John's body is honed from hours of hard work.
He turned to put his shirt on the dresser, and she examined the tentacle tattoo that ran over his shoulder and down his back on one side.
I've had a great season, and things are going to get better."
He was a terrible boyfriend.
The sounds...the water...Luke... Rain.
He genuinely cares for me.
"You're bloody beautiful," I whisper before sliding him back down my throat.
"I promise," he added.
Giving him a hopeful smile, she cleared her throat and grabbed her iPad with trembling hands, telling herself that everything was fine.
It's my turn to frown.
A light smack on my right butt cheek makes me squeal.
You need to tell him how you feel, all of it – the love, the pain – all of it.
I'm so busy watching his arse as he moves, remembering the feel of it in my hands and plotting how I can get to it again, I almost forget to answer.
I'm sixteen all over again, shivering with anticipation in the back seat of Magnus Michaelson's Peugeot.
Still, if he snapped, she could lose everything.
John's been a little moody this week, quiet and brooding.
The storm isn't helping, that's for sure."
John stops to talk to a group of women, all attractive and all clearly attracted to him.
"But, babe, this has to be the most uncomfortable sofa ever.
"Because I don't know what else to do," Andi admitted with a sigh as she rolled over onto her back and proceeded to stare up at the ceiling.
He could be related to Inna and Inna wouldn't hurt his own family.
"He loved her so much," he continued, "that he had to let her go, or risk them both being murdered."
He's sexy as fuck, but he knows it.
If this was the end, he'd at least try to protect her from the bar's collapse.
I thought we were getting started early.
Why would he want to?
His family had held one for generations?
"In the edge of the water where the waves barely touched it.
As grumpy as he was, he held family in high regard.
She rubbed her stomach, trying to calm it.
"Of course, it's me.
"Are you, uh, looking for anything special today?"
He kissed her again, sucking at her lower lip, then nipping at her chin and neck.
"Welcome to Cheraton Hotel.
"Glad it makes you happy."
At this moment, she was in Chase's arms, where she wanted to be.
I sent sentinels to check on you.
It was about the quality of the time spent with Shelly."
"I don't see much damage yet," he said, scanning the bar roof.
Irresistible
He was finally going to fire her.
If she'd only known about the revenge plot, she might have been able to save Luke.
She couldn't be lying about that freak in the park.
I fight the shiver that wants to course through me.
Assertive and tall, he was as menacing on land as he was in the water.
It was his.
"Didn't they leave for the storm?"
Gods, she was exhausted.
"Why are you kidnapping me?" Andi asked, blinking at the man that hadn't said much since Drew texted her to let her know that everything that she owned had been destroyed.
My heart pounds so hard it makes the ice tremble in my glass.
We do know that over twenty-five million dollars has been stolen at this point, possibly more.
You need to help me steady the plywood over the windows and then I'll screw it in."
It's a warm, sunny afternoon, and Dyer's grey eyes are hidden behind the mirrored surface of his sunglasses.
He'd escaped with a few scratches and a concussion.
Chase tossed his phone on the bar.
The sky was pink and orange but not as vibrant as the flames behind him.
A cigarette spark could ignite the sea grass and dunes, and that would bring a heavy fine.
I miss him.
He rubbed his face, trying to scrub away the strain.
Everything he was saying made sense.
Teaching?"
First Contact (with Lia Davis)
"If you don't do exactly as I tell you, I will torture and kill Chase right before your eyes.
She let out a small groan as tingles spread up her legs.
During all the times she'd stared at his, she'd never mentioned her tattoo.
She covered her pink bra with her hands.
She'd changed clothes againinto a simple white sundress.
My anxiety pinches my lungs sometimes, and just being in this nondescript, one-story building soothes me.
For a second, an unidentifiable expression crossed her face.
He's unshaven, more than usual, and I'm pretty sure that blue, flannel shirt is the same one he wore last night.
The surface of the water shimmied and shone like a new costume, but she knew the danger skulking in the darker depths.
In response to my pleading, he moans around my dick, and I disintegrate.
She had more passion for the mundane than anyone he'd ever known, and she attacked her sandwich with gusto.
You act like my mother."
Bring the silk scarves, buddy, and I'll show you how good I am.
After he'd made the trek to the door and back, he stopped in front of her.
"You're a genius."
"But we just established that no one is going to change this about you," he said.
I don't have to look to know that John has re-entered the room.
Please, let this fucking work, Devyn thought, his grip tightening around the steering wheel as he thought about everything that was riding on this.
I know the strength of those thighs and have clear memories of them under my ass as I rode him.
"Forget it, let's go with..."
It tingles for a different reason when I feel his lips there, then his tongue, soothing me.
It's like he can't stop touching me.
As I work, it's hard not to be distracted by his expressions.
The light reflected in the mirror and swept out across the room.
"Are you going to take the job?"
She held her breasts, offering them to him.
John nods as if this make perfect sense.
"If you get any hotter, I'll get a complex."
"He could have walked over the side of the ship in his sleep.
Jesus, this man.
Waves lapped ashore in muted splashes that echoed off the dunes in subdued tones.
"It's for your own good," came the reply that she really didn't find all that reassuring, especially since he was pulling up in front of the large fire station that she normally liked to avoid since every time she made the mistake of visiting Drew at work, she ended up being strapped to a longboard for "practice."
The hostess smiles and nods, lifting her hand to point in my direction.
"Yes, but she didn't seem to hear me," Devyn said, deleting the email without bothering to read it, in no fucking mood to deal with her today.
It's getting noisy in here.
"Stay with me, Nightingale, let me explain.
Why were things so difficult with Chase?
She steadied herself against the counter, her mind buzzing.
Things she could never tell him.
He's tall.
"I was, um...I heard you when I was driving, and I just thought...but I can go if you want."
They could always request the files from the hotels, but they didn't have time to waste, not when Lucas was getting desperate.
Before the storm set in.
"No, I just..."
Chase shoved his hands in his pockets and watched the waves slap onto the sand.
He turned to her and set the pitcher on the bar in line with the others.
Her breath caught in her throat, and she shook her head to wave off the encroaching dizziness of bliss.
"First, don't run.
Not even with Garrett.
She leans back in her chair, a somewhat subdued off-white leather, midcentury wingback.
Dyer and Nicki both ask if I've heard from him.
"Your friends hate me," I remind him.
Other than a couple of handjobs, and several dozen epic make-out sessions, our relationship has been rather chaste.
He'd miss herhe'd gotten used to her being around on the periphery of his life.
John's voice has gone soft and distant, rife with agony.
The rest of my Saturday is rather uneventful.
He led her into the next room and movement startled her.
I could eat."
"You were going through something, and I happened to be there."
His eyes are wild, his lips dark red and ravaged.
He'd never met a woman like her, Devyn thought as he held her, wondering if he'd ever felt anything as good as Andi in his arms.
Parking is at a premium in my neighborhood, and I can see his point, but he looks so uncomfortable.
I haven't told John that I'd looked him up, but I don't want to hide it either.
There's just something about the man that disarms me, strips away twenty years of practiced suave.
"Can I open it?"
And invigorating.
I palm him, eager to get him in my mouth, but John grabs my jacket and pulls it off.
"I was too young and too listless.
Living on the shore required a strong will and a stronger back, and Luke wasn't around to help anymore.
When we grabbed lunch on Wednesday, he barely spoke ten words to me.
We're silent for long minutes before John clears his throat and lifts his head to meet my eyes again.
He turns away from me to address whoever it is, and I try not to feel shut out.
And she was sexy.
He stared into nothingness, savoring the memory of a cool ocean breeze, and the warm peace of the lulling water washed over his mind, stilling it.
I don't want to deal with wedding drama.
He stared at her, trying to interpret her emotion.
The guards separated the men and Mari rushed to Chase.
That should have been a clue, I suppose.
That the police officer that discovered us..." He uses air quotes.
You and me.
The contrast gave him a bit of a roguish appeal, though his hair was a bit short for the type of rogue she normally went for.
"Let's go get some funnel cake."
You're my first."
He'd wrapped some in a washcloth and it eased the stinging a bit.
But when they took a closer look at Miss Dawson, they realized that there was something seriously fucking wrong.
Too many people knew my face, knew the story – or their version of it.
He'd given in once, and he couldn't allow that to happen again.
"He loves you, or so he says.
John starts and then stops, clearly choosing his words.
I didn't hear the news from G, I heard it over dinner at one of his friend's houses."
He didn't yell, didn't get angry.
The story had been an effective deterrent and most merfolk were afraid of humans.
"Like I said, we didn't talk much.
John's question, well, it surprises me and it doesn't.
"I'll let you get back to it," he says.
"After everything went to hell, I wanted answers, so I hired a firm to find them.
"Looks like we need to have a talk," Harold said, rubbing the back of his hand as Devyn found himself looking into the hallway just in time to see Drew carry Andi onto the elevator.
I just want to sink into my bed and play Anastasis on repeat.
If Chase's fate wasn't already determined, it was now.
"I came to bring you home.
Not out loud, because it sounds like a complaint and I have nothing to complain about.
"Yep," is his standard reply.
His physique wasn't hidden one bit by the snug T-shirt.
It had been so long I was beginning to think I'd imagined it.
You owe no one."
"I have proof Amelia was a mermaid.
"It's a big fire.
"I was just thinking, I feel like I'm about to defile you."
It takes everything in me not to go in there.
Some merpeople had problems if they stayed on land for too longthey'd either forget how to change or freak out midchange.
She was an adult, and if she wanted a kiss, who was he to deny her?
At least he had the necklace.
Especially people.
Then, you're going to sign the resignation that your assistant has been kind enough to write for you, thank the board for giving you this wonderful opportunity, and turn yourself over to the police."
"And how many hurricanes have you been through?"
Her eyes peering up at him as she sucked...
"Damn right, you do," Dyer says when I tell him this.
"That's something to consider," he murmured as she felt him lean over her and kiss the back of her neck.
The waves crashed and churned, and she studied the boiling sea, her home for most of her life.
"Whether you approve or not, it's my duty."
"A complex?"
What was the harm in waiting?
Thank God Rick's old place isn't far.
We can..."
He could do radio if he wanted to, easily.
"You have to have some skeletons in your closet."
She winced and took a deep breath to dispel the sudden anxiety.
I turn in his arms and look up at him.
When she was done, Andi gave Santa a hug, climbed off his lap and-
His clothes are rumpled, there's two days' growth on his chin, and his hair is a mess.
"It's nice," I say because what he's done with it is homey, in a way.
"I already did that.
Was this going to be enough?
You wait for me near the pier.
She wasn't sure when he came, but the next thing she realized, they lay on the couch together, damp with sweat.
"Sounds boring, though.
I'm her brother, Drew."
"But I'm asking for one thing, that's all."
She couldn't quite stretch without leaning in, her breasts brushing against his chest.
He huffs out a laugh, but it isn't one of amusement.
"How long are you going to let this go on?
Annoyed, I move to the shelves on the far side of the room.
The air rushed out of her lungs as pain tore through her chest, leaving her struggling not to breathe in.
"I've been working on the hotels that were targeted by the mysterious James Jamerson, looking to see what we could do to recover the embezzled funds.
But I still have my music.
He makes a little sound of pleasure in the back of his throat.
I've put a bit of much-needed distance between us.
This is what runs through my mind as John puts his bottle on the red and white patterned cloth.
That's a big word for a contractor."
If he knew her as well as he said, then he must.
Now was not the time to have this discussion.
I exhale with relief when I find him, though his features are pinched once again.
"You wouldn't have believed me at the time.
The sorrow comes off of him in waves.
Felt her heart break when she saw the expression on Devyn's face.
Something warm and wet licks up my spine, and I gasp, arching into the hard body now pressed against me.
I can't wait to watch him drown."
He must have had the guys pull the wood out of storage.
"He made me tell him what was going on.
Too bad it was nearly time to face the long winter of fewer sales and colder water.
If they'd only taken the time to look at the notebooks, Andi thought with a sad shake of her head as she read over the notes that she'd made for the hotels that they'd visited before tossing that notebook on top of the notebook that she'd created for Hillshire Hotels and faced the man that hadn't said much since their lovely shower.
For those not familiar with these massive stormswhen the eye is over you, the worst is yet to come.
If they weren't at the water's edge, he'd go down and make sure she was all right.
The man is a giant, and he smells really fucking good.
A dark blur caught her attention on the sand, and she strained to see what the bobbing movement coming up the boardwalk path was.
When he pulled back, he smiled the biggest smile she'd ever seen him sport.
I wonder what he sees.
"I think I managed to get all of your favorites," Devyn said with one of those incredibly sexy smiles that she really loved as he took her hand in his and sat down on the blanket, giving her hand a gentle tug that had her sitting down next to him and taking in the trays of food in front of them only to feel her lips twitch.
They had three months to figure this out and they needed to make every minute count.
"Hop in, monsieur," she said, in a French accent.
Every way.
The Orb of Oriste:
"My da's American," I tell him, surprising myself.
I have to be fucking dreaming, there can be no other explanation for why John's big, warm hands are framing my face.
He and Dyer seem to get on like a house on fire.
"I could have done it," she said with a firm nod.
Otherwise we wouldn't be getting anything from my apartment.
Just about everyone I care about works at the station.
At his questioning look, she said, "They made me five-four on the report, which I truly appreciate since I'm five-three.
You never know when you might need a bit of Janelle Monae or Red Hot Chili Peppers. Or the perfect Kinky track.
I've put on one of my playlists.
I text and tell him to come over at the weekend.
Never for the better.
He just had to do it one last time.
"I just wonder about him sometimes.
The bar had been in the debris path of the howling winds, but the storm surge hadn't sent water over the dunes.
His broad shoulders sagged, and she fought the urge to comfort him.
I've never seen him like this before, so needy and insistent.
He leans in and brushes his nose across my late-day stubble.
There are a lot of locals here, quite a few of them station-listeners.
Had her people's folklore been based on lies?
She could change in a flash and swim away from Inna before he had a chance to think.
I could drown in his, and I do for a moment.
"Please help me with the clasp."
Why aren't we resting?"
Inna turned to Chase.
It wasn't likely that the ferry had resumed.
You want to be with him."
"It looks okay, but I'm still worried.
Not too tightly, but tight enough for me to know he likes what I'm doing to him.
"Light another," she said.
John Burton.
He pulled the door shut behind him and headed back into the bar.
"Convenience.
He'd all but murdered his brother by not saving him.
He doesn't complain about driving down to the city, where we spend most of our time together.
She had to tell Inna what she had learned.
"Look at it, Chase, it's huge.
"And he's not bad to look at," she adds.
They wouldn't stay long after the stormas soon as ferry service resumed, he was out of there.
His dark gaze bored into her, and he pushed his braid over his shoulder.
Hell, most days, he didn't want people talking to him.
It's gone too quickly for me to be sure.
It isn't like he's never seen me shirtless before, he has.
At the moment, I'm all three.
I startle when I turn and realize Johnny is right behind me, so close I can smell the mint on his breath.
No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or by any information storage and retrieval system, without permission in writing from the publisher.
John and I were on the same page.
We have to get back to work after lunch."
"Then why the hell are you pouting?"
"He's trying to protect his property."
"I'm a private person."
"Tell me what you want, Johnny."
"Anything that can hold your interest, I'll take.
It felt more like early evening than morning, with the dim light from the cloud-blocked sun barely casting a warm glow.
This news shocks me, though it shouldn't.
Her voice, previously annoyed, rose with panic and choked with emotion as she likely realized that she wasn't going to change the outcome.
"She isn't in pain."
I lean my head back against his broad chest and breathe in deep, humming on an exhale.
She'd been working right next to Chase for hours.
I nod toward the album in his hand.
"He looks crazyhalf-dressed and spying on us.
The painting.
"The contractor.
I want off this fucking island.
"And your siblings?"
I was in it for the sportuntil you fell for him.
He climbed up in the cart, steadying it so she could climb in after him.
"Next time," he says, returning to his cock worship.
When she squirmed to scoot away, he grabbed her hips.
"You know what they say in Philly.
It had gotten to the point where I just couldn't fit any more food in my body.
"She reminds me of my Gran."
Who would swim in the ocean during a storm, especially a naked and gorgeous woman?
Too many random texts and phone calls that he claims are Lexi-related.
She wanted him to know her and want to stay because he wanted to be with her.
Much better than every fantasy put together.
All Mine: 1Night Stand Collection
"And we'd get to try a bit of everything.
The surface of the water danced an angry dance, while underneath, it moved slowly and heavily like a hammock or a child rocking in its mother's arms.
I don't get a summer with John Burton.
My ribs complain, but I ignore them.
"You don't believe that you could, or you don't want to?"
Okay, I think I could love this man.
"I tried, but the realtor wasn't willing to negotiate a lower commission," Andi quickly admitted before adding, "We should probably stay focused."
I'm slipping the vinyl back into its sleeve when I feel John's hands on my shoulders.
The man in the painting looked like a scruffy pirate, gaunt and sea-worn, scowling down at patrons.
Tying him up...now that was material for several fantasies.
Somewhere on the island, someone had lost everything.
A whoosh of wind shot in through the broken window with a wail.
I can't believe I let it run out like that.
We can talk later when we're too tired to do anything else.
The wet sand clung to her and she wiped off the back of her dress as she tried to control her growing anger.
He'd wanted to see Chase's heart broken, then kill him.
He'd committed to staying with her on the island.
What platitude could possibly help at a time like this?
He looked up through the scaffolding of the wheel at the darkening blue sky beyond the girders.
This is your only chance."
He nodded between coughs.
I keep it locked up in my room where it stays safe.
Chase was on the top platform, steadying his pack and reaching for her.
He was finishing the last fries on his plate and still eating like he had no plans of stopping.
Thankfully, her store was locked up tight, and the broken window was boarded up.
What would he do when he found out she was a mermaid?
Never has been, and he knows it.
Yes, I Googled him, though there wasn't much to find.
I turn to him, pleased with his line of questioning.
"What's up?" I say, trying to control my breathing.
When I first moved in five years ago, I was the one subletting.
He'd considered sending someone else, but at this point, he didn't trust anyone to make sure that they didn't miss anything.
Inna could force her to do whatever he wantedhe was strong in all the wrong ways.
His tongue explores every part of my mouth.
John nods as if I've said a whole lot more.
He sucks me into his mouth, not quite to the back of his throat, and I'm grabbing the cushions, the throw pillows, anything I can get my hands on.
Still, her soft lips, slightly parted, whispered something.
And didn't deserve to have such good friends who put up with his crap.
"In here?" He asks, uncertain, though his hands are already on my ass.
His gaze travels from my head of damp curls down to my nipples, which pebble from his gaze, and finally down to my cock.
Captain Undercover (coming soon)
"The storm surge could flood the whole downstairs."
Only sunny skies as far as she could see.
John and I share a high-top table near the windows, and I scan the room, taking in the crowd.
"I bet you have a hell of a time finding gloves that fit."
Don't do this!
A muscle in Lucas's jaw clenched as he noticeably swallowed.
Because you've been walking around with your head in the clouds since Nicki's last bash."
You'll stay here in the bar."
I wasn't thinking..."
Not because I'm incapable, but because he preferred it that way
I already did that and told them that you were doing an early audit in preparation for your meeting in May.
I stare at the boy, and my gut twists with rage.
If there was one thing that he knew about Lucas, it was that he would do whatever it took to get what he wanted.
"Surely you've seen a six-pack before..."
Miss Dawson accompanied me and together, we went through every audit, interviewed staff and we were able to uncover the extent of the embezzlement.
"You abandoned your work at the station," I hear myself grouse, much to my mortification.
"There weren't many opportunities for advancement," Andi said, still wondering why she'd stayed as long as she had, especially when they-
Sure, the building belonged to him, but her merchandise didn't.
Wicked: Erotic Paranormal Romance Vol 3
Her arms, lean and with slight curves, could cut through water effortlessly.
It's meant to be obscene, and it is.
And stop messing with my stuff."
Occasionally one will wander over to tell me how much they enjoy my show.
He wanted to feel her wrapped around his cock, her walls tightening around him as he slid inside her as he fucked her.
The navy shrink said it was PTSD, but to him, that was just another word for failure.
Mari had helped him get through the rough moments and talking about Luke had been therapeutic.
He drummed his fingers on the bar and tried to focus on the music.
The idea that people are sleeping to my soundtrack.
They're also very much into oversharing.
Trust me in this.
She'd never been more terrified in her life, but as soon as she saw Devyn, she knew that everything would be okay.
"We can fix this," Devyn bit out, only to frown when his gaze landed on that used condom.
As they'd talked, over the course of the evening, she'd deftly diverted his questions about her past and her childhood, giving him generic descriptions of a normal family without details about her life in the sea.
"I think you need to come down here on the beach and push me up from behind."
My paltry relationship history hasn't prepared me for this.
"Also, I'm pretty sure that he had someone break into the room while we were gone and stole my iPad, which means as soon as he figures out all of my passwords, he's going to know exactly what we know.
wouldn't see Inna in the cloudy dusk if he came out onto the upper deck.
Ridiculous fantasies had no place in running a business, and if she was going to be independent, she'd have to focus on business matters.
God, this fucking hurt, Devyn thought as he slowly exhaled, only to bite back another curse when the move caused excruciating pain to tear through his ribs.
The fun house, three stories high and as long as four tractor-trailer lengths, loomed over them, its garish facade brighter than any other ride, even without electricity.
This storm could make a direct hit right here, we don't know."
Close to the water.
"I'm sure there's a way you can keep the bar, somehow.
The platforms in the room moved, rotating, bouncing, vibrating, and she held her arms out to balance.
He dove into the water, laughing, and she splashed him with her tail before pulling him into a kiss in the warm Caribbean sunshine...
"Inna set the bar fire."
How could she not be in touch with her sister?
I use another finger to push more lube toward his opening and push in.
The beach was a mess, with refuse and remains of the pier and other beach structures thrown about on the flat sand.
"I never left," Andi said, leaning back against him.
Mari pushed her plate away and set her napkin down on the bar, her appetite gone.
"I guess we can move on to the next stage of the interrogation," Drew said, sounding thoughtful from where he now lounged on the floor while Andi quickly wrapped the sheet around herself and rushed to the bathroom.
Granted, she wouldn't be in the boardroom when the papers were signed, but she wanted to be here for him, which was incredibly stupid.
Jesus H. Christ, never in a million years did I think I'd ever get to taste him like this.
He did, watching the flame grow bright.
Oh, one piece of plywood had partially come off and the bedroom window was broken, speared by a tree limb.
His breath in my ear.
"Honestly, I have no idea what they think," Andi said, shrugging it off because it didn't matter.
I've only ever known him to date someone for a week or two before he gets bored – with that one notable exception.
Frankie, a shot of something strong for you, perhaps?"
Is it really even a question?
He caught her gaze and held it a second before replying.
"How is the family back in jolly old England?"
"I don't think you know me well enough to make those kinds of statements."
"I love you like this, shaking with need.
"And the answer is?"
Doug didn't look like a surferhe was short and a little stockybut he was one of the best wave riders on the island.
"My twin brother, best friend, and the man determined to torment me for his own entertainment," she explained as she made her way to the bed that was going to make the perfect spot for going through the rest of the files.
"How can I save Chase?"
Needing him, Andi released him from her mouth and moved back, watching as Devyn followed, his hungry gaze never leaving her as he moved over her, settling between her legs, and-
Music makes everything better."
Raven's Game
He eyes me warily.
I need to take care of Chase."
Dinner was amazing.
The storm has strengthened since last night and now looks to be a definite to come over the islands."
"Probably," Lucas easily agreed, "but you'll do it anyway."
Take me again.
My drought is the only reason I can think of that explains why having John this close to me is giving me palpitations.
He grins at me, shoulders loosening, and we fall back into step.
Four, five, six deep and dark.
"I think you should have me first," he says, so softly I almost don't hear him.
His torn and battered body had been discovered on the rocks not long after they'd found Chase.
Every time that he tried focusing on what needed to be done, he found himself thinking about her, about how much he liked having her around, her smile, and just how fucking good it felt to touch her.
"I'll tell you about Johnny if you tell me who took you to the islands last week."
That isn't going to change with a few jokes."
"Please allow Ms. Taylor to finish her statement."
You had to know I was worried."
For both his and Mari's sake.
The wind gusted against the shutters, clanking them hard on the windows.
Because it has so many memories?"
It was a short fucking list.
Ward's smirk is sexy.
Part of the roof collapsed into itself, almost in slow motion, and dozens of small fireballs shot into the sky as sparks showered down like hot rain.
"It's soft," he murmurs.
Everything was going to be fine.
Leaving it wouldn't be as easy as he thought.
"Your mother sent me to see if you were okay.
"And I can't wait to hear your explanation for all this."
"You're a pig."
"They stole that too, didn't they?" she asked with a wince because she really should have thought of that.
Nicki wads up a post-it note and throws it at me.
Her lower lip trembled, and she looked away.
"Which way?"
He pointed in Inna's direction.
He hadn't heard her approach in the din of the raging storm.
Understanding flickered across his face in a ripple of muscles.
He inserted screws along the top of the board, reaching over her to secure it above her head.
What's the rush until we see the updated forecast?"
This is a work of fiction.
Why couldn't she remain in her fantasy world with Chase?
"You are so tight, Johnny," I whisper.
"Lie down," he said softly as she watched him pull his tie loose before reaching for his shirt, his gaze never leaving her as he pulled it off and-
What a bonus that the man she'd saved was such a wonderful packagethe kind of guy any young mermaid would take home to mom.
Gotta stop that, man.
He's become more and more distracted as the weeks go by.
Tingles zipped through her damp sex as she edged closer to him.
His heart thumped against her cheek, and she pushed closer to hear every beat.
She'd woken up one morning and it was there.
Chapter 30
He flinched but didn't pull away.
"Thank you for staying to help.
It's thick and garlicky, just the way I like it.
"It'll help hold the weight."
What would she tell him if he came?
John turns us so that I'm under the spray of water.
Devyn hung up and slowly exhaled, telling himself that she was fine as he glared at the elevator buttons slowly lighting up, willing them to move faster.
I need to not look at him for a while.
"You really are," the man that she was really hoping was going to make sure that they gave her enough drugs to knock her out said.
He patted his pocket and ran back outside, slamming the door shut behind him.
There's no real reason for him not to teach full-time.
No big surprise there, I assume.
Beyond the bar, and the storm, and beyond the vast ocean.
"We're not going to die," Devyn assured the small woman refusing to leave the safety of the car.
If I don't call, it doesn't mean anything other than cell and phone service is out.
How can you choose this over the serenity of the ocean?"
We left it in the tide when we ran home to get Luke doctored up."
John gestures around us at the vinyl scattered on the floor.
They scurried down the steps and out onto the boardwalk leading to the beach.
Inna knew where they were!
Let me make you feel better."
His words work as well as ice water.
What the hell was he going to do now?
She leaned close, the loose strands of her hair tickling his skin as the wind whipped.
The bastard had a punch to the nose coming.
There's a cloud hanging over my shift tonight.
That hasn't been me since I was in my early twenties.
Whoever he is, John – Michael John – he isn't capable of doing what they've accused him of.
"Shame the pier is destroyed.
Gayle adores him.
"Once," I tell him.
"You could get your certification and go full-time.
Do you know what you're going to do now?"
My taste in music is pretty eclectic, but I've never gone in for singer-songwriter types.
The eye of Giselle is small.
"Or you could stop being stubborn about staying here.
On the table, the laptop is closed.
"Oh, come on!" Andi said, banging her hands against the door one last time before she dropped her hands away and turned around, slumping against the thick security door with a muttered, "Stupid door."
And I'm a public figure, of sorts, so there's quite a bit more out there about me to find.
I would have done it for anyone, really.
The most comfortable in his own skin.
And I don't know what expression is on my face right now, but he's looking at me like...
Just in case.
Champion for the disenchanted and disenfranchised.
"Inside the net, the waters calmed, and the winds ceased.
"Ah, that explains the sudden philanthropy," I muse.
Every once in a while, he'll disappear for a day or two.
"And you decided that the best way to go about that was to hire a woman that you knew absolutely nothing about?" she asked, making his lips twitch.
But back to my lazy Saturday.
The little concrete pool that held kiddie boats had overflowed onto the decking, and one of the pale-green boats lay overturned at the edge of the fence, but mostly, everything looked intact.
But he had to move.
When she sat up to reposition herself, her blood ran cold.
Was she planning to swim?
"Then, lie down," he said as he moved off the bed so that he could toe off his shoes and pull off his pants and socks.
"I've ever been good at compliments," I say when he smiles at my blush.
Patrick, the teacher from John's old school.
Water, deep and dark and unknown.
"If he knows what's good for him."
Because it hurt just to fucking breathe.
"They want you to invite Andi to the gala," Lucas said, throwing Andi another curious look to find her worrying her bottom lip between her teeth as she read through her notes.
He shielded his eyes and looked up at the bar roof.
His eyes are locked on mine, and I can't look away.
"You don't need to work, Andi," he said, shifting to get more comfortable before continuing, "but since I know that you're too stubborn to listen to reason-"
We've each said this to the other at least once, both knowing it would have been a disaster.
Once, he'd led a whole group of divers into all sorts of dangerous places.
I don't want to hold his gaze, but I do.
I look up and... Well... The expression on his face, the sultry tone of his voice, they tell me John isn't only talking about the food.
My dick complains, so I release the button on my cords and lower the zipper to relieve the pressure.
"Thought you were going to check the weather."
"Is Mario trying to impress someone over at the library?
He looks up from his paint tray and grimaces when he sees my face.
We're swaying like branches in the wind.
We tried to make adjustments, we did."
He was always the protector and she knew he wouldn't let her venture out on her own.
John had no such problem.
Not now, anyway.
If he did move to Kansas, or if the shop was destroyed, she'd have this moment to relive, forever.
"You know this, G," I tell him.
"And you can't tell me you've been celibate all this time," I say, sort of hoping it's true.
He seems to think for a moment.
"Good evening, gentlemen, are we in need of a drink menu?"
Do not, I repeat, do not think that the calm we get is the end.
"300 multiplied by 500."
They canceled the last ferry off the island."
No more teasing grins.
Tension eased into his muscles as she laid her head back onto his chest and pushed closer to him.
Had they forgotten to blow out the candles?
Inna was not going to win.
I lift my arms, expecting him to whip it off, but he goes slowly.
"You don't have work on Monday?"
I am lost in sensations.
His eyes search the ceiling for a moment, hopefully looking for a better way to explain.
Her eyes widened and he noticed how small she was.
Dyer wiggles his eyebrows.
"So, I get the feeling it's something else."
(and cats! Lots of cats!)
John must sense my hesitation.
Precisely the opposite, really.
She should have known that he was up to something, especially when he'd promised that she could get an extra book from the library if she did a good job.
Part of me wants to ask, but I let it go.
Wash the glasses later.
Slowly, so slowly, I circle my hips, pulling him into me, centimeter by centimeter.
We just need to tell them about any food allergies."
"They have the cash in hand, and I won't have to wait for a mortgage to process.
He catches me staring at him because I'd been too caught up in it to pretend otherwise.
He ends the call, and his arms drop to his sides.
I spend the rest of the weekend ignoring my mobile phone and drowning in Sigur Ros and a pricey bottle of Scotch I'd picked up the last time I went to visit my family.
He hated everything about winter, from the cold air to the icicles that used to form in their kitchen sink.
"Tell me about that picture."
By humans.
You can't sign the contract!"
It's slow and deliberate, and every one of my nerve endings feels electrified.
"It isn't safe for you to be on land when this thing hits.
She giggled and clung to his neck, a mixture of lust and apprehension swirling through her veins.
It was a soft burn with a rich aftertaste.
The whistle of the ocean breeze?
Not really sure that she believed him, Andi worried her bottom lip between her teeth as she watched him.
"Mr. Mathews' office.
No more late nights watching him work on the other side of the glass.
It ain't over till the pink mermaid sings, or whistles, or whatever.
He pulled his pillow under his head and climbed under the covers with her.
"You should know by now I only have eyes for one person."
I'll tell him whatever he wants to know, but I don't want to talk about my ex.
"They said there was only a one-in-twenty chance.
He took the steps two at a time and then walked out onto the expansive ocean-view deck.
That we shared a painful moment.
When they lived on the street, they'd spend hours waiting outside shelters, hoping for a bed for the night, freezing their asses off and praying that the volunteers took pity on them and opened the doors early.
It's Saturday morning.
"Garrett has a shaky relationship with openness."
The post-storm island lay in darkness, a ghost townand he didn't intend the place to become his tomb.
Thank you," she murmured dryly as she reluctantly grabbed the file on top, reminding herself that they were here for a reason.
"Besides that," Andi murmured in agreement as she looked back up only to frown when she saw that all the other cars were also slowing down.
But don't throw your wet clothes on my bed."
Maybe she died of natural causes.
The tallest of the women, a stunning brunette with killer curves, places her hand on his bicep and he flashes a smile, turning his head toward her.
He grinned like a teenager, and the softness of his expression was one she hadn't often seen from him.
"There's too much to do," Devyn said, which at this point was a fucking understatement.
Please, stop him!"
"I believe he spoke with Mr. Jamerson," Thomas said after a slight hesitation.
She dragged him to her, ignoring the bite of the pearl necklace as the filigree pinched into her neck.
Inna was scary in her fantasies.
He needed her in other ways, though, and the physical was merely a shadow of the connection she felt with him.
The storm's center was coming close, and the island had lost power in lesser winds.
I'd tidied it up before I left home.
"The new owners don't want a tenant.
Searching her soul with his tongue and relishing her strong response.
No danger of the water coming up this far.
Any pirate worth his salt would kill for the chance to add the necklace to his booty.
He walked, pulling her along this time.
While I'm able to brush off shit like that, most of the time, John's still new to this.
He pulled the blanket over his legs.
"It's not a subject I know much about.
He picks at a splinter in the wood railing.
The wind gave a low howl and sent a burst of rain horizontally across the deck.
He'd complimented every dish, making sure that Ward relayed his gratitude to the kitchen.
It's all in there."
After a week of overnights, I'm sleeping the fuck in.
"You startled me," I protest.
"We should take your car."
Add to that his All-American looks and his easy smile, and I wonder why he isn't doing it full-time.
One of her main reasons for staying in the little coastal village was to spy on him.
"It's for the best.
She shielded her eyes from the sun with her hand.
John's working with a staple gun tonight, so I wait for him to get to a stopping point before I speak up.
"Thanks," I say, straightening.
"I'm not in the mood to defend my life choices tonight, Garrett."
I follow them, licking streaks down his skin as I go.
All we know is that she bore him a child, and we never saw her again.
Don't tell me, I don't think I could handle him being that hot and having a big shlong too."
Her sister's was a puffer fish, all spiky and puffed on her hip like a birthmark.
"It's not something that's going to be fixed easily."
Though the hurricane was gone, he had no desire to be near the still-stirred water.
He popped a chip in his mouth.
Trying not to listen to the waves breaking close by on the beach, he turned his back to the ocean.
Images flash through my mind of him moaning it into my neck as he stuffed me full of himself.
Why was Chase so oblivious?
She'd swim to the farthest ocean cave and live alone before she'd submit to him.
He probed for the cold metal of one of the flashlights.
I gasp quickly before resuming my punishing pace.
"Thank goodness for a gas water heater."
John's grip on my hand loosens, and I see a hint of a smile on his plump lips.
Please let me know that you're okay!
"I don't see what you like about the world above the water.
He grabs his coat from the back of his chair.
Like he and Luke had enjoyed long ago.
Pleasure bloomed from her core and she fought against coming.
I mean, it makes sense.
He moved to sit at the bar, and she settled in beside him.
I want us to be friends.
Too many times to count, he'd wanted to walk over and turn the book around or toss it over the railing and take her into his arms.
"I'll get what I want, and if you're smart, you'll keep your mouth shut and try to enjoy it."
She shuddered, her legs shaking.
His heart hurt so much, he thought he would burst open from the pain.
After blowing out the candles, he retrieved the duvet from the floor and spread it across the bed and over her shoulders, then tucked her hair behind her ear.
He cuts his gaze back to the water.
Sudden Response
She studied his thick muscles and the tentacle tattoo that wound its way up from his wrist to his left biceps and then disappeared under his snug T-shirt.
You're still helping with those?"
"I had to try," he said.
She keeps WKMP running as tight as a ship, and I love her for it.
I can't take being here any longer."
Now, turned out she might be engaged.
"Does kissing me have anything to do with what happened to your brother?
I'm laying the accent on a wee bit thick, I know, but Gayle eats it up.
Its call retreated as quickly as it had started.
Gayle Green is more of an admiral.
Fortunately, not many got permission to hang out on land long enough for changing to become an issue.
I chase it with the rest of my Bullet and Coke, setting the glasses down on a counter before I drop them.
"Because they demanded that I give up the one thing in my life that I can't live without," Devyn said as he leaned in and brushed his lips against hers before adding, "You."
Next time..."
The Promise
"Everyone on the board, Carta Hotels' President, Vice President, and about ten other executives," he said, slowly exhaling before adding, "and me."
Birdsong usually grates on my ears, but this isn't bad.
She wasn't exactly surprised when Devyn, who was still glaring, joined her a minute later.
He kept his head low and stared at the ground.
She rubbed his forearm, having no idea how to respond.
He's a very good-looking man, but there's more to it than that.
"I was fifteen, at a party with some mates from school, the first time anyone other than me put their hands on my dick."
"I'm going to need you to kiss me now," Andi said, nodding solemnly as she watched Devyn go still seconds before his lips twitched.
Unstoppable
Right now, he had to get to Mari.
She was his rock.
I relay a version of that last night to Dyer, one that excludes the breakdown that led up to the kiss, and he is riveted.
"Several."
If Inna and Chase faced off right now, one of them would die, and she couldn't be sure which it would be.
He moved toward her, but she ducked her head and sidestepped him.
"Thanks," she said, shaking out her hair and spattering him with water droplets.
"Your numbers look good."
I love seeing him happy.
"It's not that high."
His kindness, his strength, the way he listens to me.
That he can't seem to keep his hands - or lips - off me makes me unreasonably happy.
The way she loved the ocean and lived alone on the island with no family nearby.
Not that I need him to make me whole, I've just learned more about myself.
Chase stared into the flickering candlelight and breathed in the vanilla scent.
It licks over his muscles, clinging to all the best bits.
I don't even have his number, and I sure as hell won't call his office.
I can feel his eyes on me, so I open mine and, God, the way he's looking at me.
It's a need I didn't even know I had.
He stood, wiped off his hands, and willed his feet to move.
"I could work on that," he says, and it surprises me.
It grounds me in a way I can't explain.
"Three-point-five," Andi said, blinking innocently as she finished off her bacon.
He'd be hurt and angry.
She dashed down the bar's wooden steps to meet him on the lower deck where Chase would have less of a chance of seeing him.
Chase wasn't gone yet.
He was already fragile and finding out she was a mermaid might send him off the deep end.
I startle when what he's actually said reaches my one functioning brain cell.
"That's why I handed it to you."
The reporter tosses the words out like daggers.
I hated seeing her struggle, hated the fact that it was never enough, and I hated the fact that she wouldn't let me help her."
He yanked at her shorts, unsnapping them and running his hand down into her underwear, and dipped his fingers into her wetness without any hesitation.
He immediately wraps his arms around me and pulls me closer, burying his face in my neck.
The candles had burned down to a couple of inches high and seemed to give off less light than they had when they were taller, though that made little sense.
I'm a little obsessed with them, I admit.
I believed he'd make good on his promise of friendship.
"I'm ready!"
"Are you planning on putting your fist through a wall anytime soon?" she countered, throwing him a questioning look.
Believed that I'd never touched Lance inappropriately, that I hadn't lured him to my car and preyed upon him?
Dragon Storm (coming soon)
He's nearly ready for me.
Tears flowed freely now.
John doesn't give me time to complain, I'm suddenly on my back again, looking up at him.
They weren't happy but considering that one of their own had been involved, they grudgingly agreed that it had been the right course of action."
"No, I belong to Inna's tribe, but he offered to your mother for me to check on you."
You'd be amazing."
"I changed my name because I couldn't get hired for anything, not anywhere within driving distance.
Like for good.
"I don't care about my storeI care about you!
We fall through the door and into the unfurnished apartment.
Chase would never have added karaoke to his bar.
"You left without saying goodbye this morning."
She shoved the sandwich into her mouth, biting off as much as she could.
She pictured Inna sitting on a stool in the corner with a dunce hat on, mouth duct taped.
Anyone who worked with Inna was, and she could never trust a person who called Inna friend.
He could be in control like he was when he was diving and his men could count on him.
Nodding slowly, she reached over and pulled the plate of bacon away from him as she said, "You don't deserve bacon."
"This doesn't feel like nothing," Devyn said, not that he was complaining.
"Hope you have a safe place to go during the storm.
We've gotten to a place where ever-after is a very real possibility.
Tore a soft groan from the incredible woman that had stuck by him through this mess.
What made him think he could protect Mari from the storm?
He needed to be preparing, not staring.
A brisk puff of wind pushed at him.
They ate in silence for a few minutes, and then she shifted on her seat and turned to him.
The entire ride to the tenth floor, that muscle in his jaw kept ticking as he glared ahead, clearly determined to see this thing through as she held her breath, telling herself that they could go home after this and-
I'm going to go see him now.
He could sneak up on us..."
Never taking his eyes off her, he traced her soft lips with his fingertips, watching as her breath caught in her throat as her back arched off the bed while she moaned his name.
He was a murderer like Inna and no matter how nice he was being, it didn't change the facts.
If I surrender and I don't fight this wave...
Several birds that had been pecking around the patio for leftovers scatter into the blue sky.
"He saw something in me that I hadn't known to look for."
Soft flower petals across his smooth chest...and a talking seagull hopping across the floor squawking about love and babies and rainbow hearts.
The atmosphere is very romantic if I do say so myself.
"Wait," I pant, breaking the kiss.
"I would've done something.
My staff has researched the so-called bet.
But remember, you agreed to a day of living in the moment.
That seemed to be enough.
"It smells like you," he growls.
A burst of wind then a crash as one of the shutters on the far end of the bar came loose and shattered the lower pane of glass, sending a shower of glass shards and rain into the bar.
My mom's recipe.
The candlelight stuttered with the fluttering of her dress.
Oranges and pinks reflected on her face and painted colorful streaks in the highlights of her blonde hair.
We talk through most of the track as I explain how the band hated the record and were rushed to get it done it before their next tour.
"Long time, no see," I finally say.
You must realize this is far from the story we have been told."
"I won't hurt you," I promise," but it will feel a little strange at first."
He saw only darkness downstairs.
The bar wasn't going to be safe, except that they could lock the door.
Brilliant save and every bit of it true.
Once he'd dumped Kelly, she expected things to change.
"I want every part of you."
"I felt that it would be in my best interest to avoid the cafeteria for the time being," Andi said with a firm nod that had him frowning as they stepped into the elevator.
He felt more alive than he had since Luke's death, and for moments, he found himself actually enjoying life again.
As long as she was aboard his ship, his life was in jeopardy, and possibly hers too.
Never holding me too tightly or kissing me too long.
She needed to get this suit off, Andi realized, giving up on trying to break free and reached back, blindly searching for the zipper pull as she searched desperately for Travis.
"Wondering why you're not at work," Drew said, sighing heavily as he dropped down on the bed next to her, making her frown.
We'll go where he can't find us, and you'll be safe."
"Where did you come from?"
My cheeks are wet and my eyes are blurry.
It was his faulthe'd let his guard down and now he'd pay the price.
"John..." I begin, but he interrupts me.
He flings his arm over his eyes, his breaths coming quick and hard, and he laughs.
"So far," I manage to say.
Who he might love.
"It's just down the street.
"Where should I change?
He can't possibly miss how hard I am.
He runs his roughened hands over the smooth skin of my ass, and I arch, instinctively, into his touch, my hole already fluttering with anticipation.
With concern brushing aside my rage, I look at him.
My eyes, stretched wide to take in every inch of him, are beginning to dry out.
I want to have time to explore before sunset.
Every time she tried to get ahead, something would knock her back on her ass.
Tore a growl from Devyn as he was forced to reach out and slap one hand against the wall when she ran her soapy hand over the part of him that she'd been neglecting.
After this, I have Imogen Heap on deck, an oldie-but-a-goodie called Hide and Seek.
"Oh, Chase, I'm sorry.
We're hot and slick, and we fit so perfectly.
I really don't want John to think I'd been talking about him.
And I've already signed some paperwork."
A large wave washed over them both and Mari grabbed for him so she wouldn't smash into the pier pylon.
And Amelia never came back.
The storm had been much worse than she expected.
Maybe it was time to accept that this was what she was meant to do.
Really hoping that the pain would stop long enough so that she could give her presentation, Andi moved to stand up and-
He shuddered and his stomach lurched as the floor rolled underneath his feet.
To know that if you'd been able to save him, things would be different.
John lowers his mouth to my dick, his tongue tentatively licking my throbbing, nearly purple head as he gently pulls back my foreskin.
Pirate or not, he'd look great in a white shirt.
And she could never tell Chase she was a mermaid now.
Despite the destruction, they had been lucky.
Hopefully, Chase's mood would change soonhis grumpy act was a bit annoying.
I'm grinning by the time John comes around the car to me.
Was she helping Inna?
I want to sit in the car for a few minutes.
He's gone now.
He'd somehow managed to get the IT department to turn his phone off and activate the security lock on it, stopping him from accessing any information, which meant that he couldn't get phone numbers or emails to contact the team.
"She's like a niece to me, yes."
"The longer curls really suit you, though."
He'd fucked half the secretaries at Carta Hotels and rumor had it that he'd spent the first year working at Carta Hotels servicing Janet.
"Secret ingredient."
"I'm glad we have candles," he said, clicking off the flashlight and setting it down.
Steam swirled from the vent in the cup, and she inhaled the deep aroma of presumably decent coffee.
Would Chase understand?
I don't understand, I never get like this.
Why do you think she's making you marry me?"
He had too many important things to take care of to be sitting around fantasizing.
I nod mutely, staring up into his fathomless, liquid eyes and try not to combust at the way that freaking word sounds in his rumbling timbre.
Drowsiness overcame her and her tail buzzed with exhaustion.
She buried her head in his neck, taking a breath of his scent.
I let out a shuddering breath as John draws back, keeping his hand on my neck.
I have a lot of money tied up in inventory and this storm scares me.
"I wanted a change," she found herself admitting as he ran his fingertips back down the soft curve of her breasts.
I thought that was how sailors and mermaids always met.
I'm hours early, actually, and not sure why I've made the drive up now.
Why am I nervous?
I watch as he settles himself in his chair, feet propped on the wall under the mounted screen.
I told them that it appears that we had a mix-up in the accounting department here and asked them if they could please hold it until further notice since it appears that the money has been transferred to old accounts."
Pirate ships wouldn't have been a good place for women, I'd imagine."
I'll call you.
They'd been friends since college when Lucas hired him to tutor him after he found himself on academic probation and on the verge of being cut off by his father.
Talking about Luke made him warm inside.
That I'm here for him, and I'm willing to share whatever burdens he has.
He's probably the most self-assured person I know.
"If I hadn't passed out..."
"Inna forbade us to talk about it.
"Were you still in love with your wife?"
"Because it's not really appropriate," he said, but God, was he tempted to say yes.
My glass is pretty fucking full at the moment.
So, color me surprised when I round the bend and run into John Burton.
He'd worked hard to build his business.
It's sorcery, really.
I lift my head to meet his eyes.
Being this horny tends to cloud my memory of all the reasons I left him.
After they'd completed their project for Carta Hotels' new CEO, which they were paid an obscene amount of money to finish, they'd decided to turn their attention to the Hillshire Hotels project.
I have never, in my life, responded to anyone the way I respond to John Burton.
"You can't keep anything else from me, I don't care what it is."
"Pimento cheese," he said.
"I'm not afraid of your mother.
I'm speechless.
John's question isn't an admonishment, as it has been for so many others before him.
It almost looks like I did it on purpose.
He'd been naive then, oblivious and unaware that one day life would smack him in the face and take away the things he cared about.
Was she about to get exactly what she'd been dreaming of all those nights?
She considered waiting until she was home to find out who her mystery man was, but...
We need to talk about whatever it is that always has him checking his phone, frowning when it chimes with a message from God knows who.
Low and raspy and close to a moan.
His face contorted into a scowl and a long rumble of thunder wavered in the air like the growl of a wild animal.
I was acclimating!
If mermaids had fated mates, the pull she felt to him would be what it felt like.
"I didn't realize I was trying to be someone else."
He pulled out of her mouth and tipped her chin up to meet her gaze.
If by grief she meant driving me crazy with mixed signals, then yes.
But we have to do what we have to do, right?"
"Rent going up?"
Instead, he slips an arm around my waist and hugs me to him.
Back in a few minutes with the most recent forecast."
"You've gone quiet, and you're not normally quiet.
You saved him," Inna said.
Relieved, Devyn put the car back into drive and-
He is so goddamned delicious, and I'm eager to taste him.
He'd not cleaned Luke's room out after his death, hadn't gone in.
"He will be out of our lives for good.
The hard day's work had taken its toll on him.
The room was a heavy contrast to the openness of the beach outside the door.
Well, he'd have to kill her too.
That we could be good friends if I don't fuck it up by coming on to him.
She would focus on doing her job, learn everything that she could, and see what she could do with those files that Hillshire Hotels seemed to have forgotten about.
He'd have to run after the bastard with bare feet, but it didn't matter.
The acrid smoke filled Chase's lungs, and he struggled to breathe.
She needed to break free.
Moaning, she wrapped her arms and legs around him.
John's scent overwhelms me, cedar and citrus and a hint of masculine musk.
A hurricane was approaching.
It was action time.
It didn't take them long to close them.
He's studying my face, looking for my reaction.
Things were much more ominous without electricity.
In fact, he was quite friendly.
If I've done something to offend him, I wish he'd just come out with it.
"I didn't know people still arranged marriages.
Some thought she had been murdered.
She would have been more than happy to do this from the comfort of Drew's bunk, but unfortunately for her, Carta Hotels' security didn't recognize her IP address and refused to grant her access to the files that she needed.
"I love it," she whispered, unable to help but smile as she took in the incredibly romantic gesture before she found herself glancing down at her pajamas and-
Looks like the tide is still coming in thoughand it'll get higher."
The sexiest man she'd ever met wanted to be with her.
Down, arms out, limp.
She grabbed the metal bar and sat.
Whether Chase could overcome his fear of the storm was another matter.
I drop the flirtation.
He stared into her eyes and she frowned and squirmed to escape.
Did he know what had become of Amelia?
She joined him at the bar, still wrapped in the blanket.
"Tired of storms and water and reliving bad memories."
As the day progressed, his arms had tired, and he was struggling to hold the heavy sheets of wood on his own.
Inna was out there, and he was intent on hurting them.
"Shows what the fuck they knew."
"I thought we were a team, Miss Dawson," Devyn said, releasing her ankles so that he could trail his fingertips over her legs.
I take a deep breath and push it out.
"I'd watch him work, climbing ladders and bending over buckets."
"Be gentle with me," he says in a small voice, batting his thick, feathery eyelashes, and then laughs loudly again.
Not in Kansas, and not on the beach.
And if Christopher disappeared, how did someone paint his portrait?"
She rolled her eyes, trying not to giggle.
My sentinels told me about the fire at the bar and I was coming to see if you needed help.
Maybe Chase had picked the painting up at a garage sale to add to the dark motifs and sea theme of the bar.
I grab a bottle of white rum.
Became preoccupied with whatever drove him into my arms tonight.
His kiss was fueled by passionshe could feel his need rolling off him through waves of desire.
For a moment, she debated ignoring whoever was on the other side of that door, but that probably wasn't an option with this being her job and all.
I take the hint and start to move.
She loved the way that he felt, the way that he kissed her, groaning softly as she ran her hands over him before even that wasn't enough.
They won't be able to get them out before the meeting, but I did manage to contact Lucas's team and they were able to send the electronic copies they had, which I've already downloaded on my iPad," Andi explained as she carefully pressed a folded facecloth against his stitches to protect them as she poured water over his head, washing away the rest of the dried blood.
"Might want to work on it faster," Lucas said, only to add, "The board is pissed," at Devyn's questioning look.
Amelia peeked through the waves, wearing only the necklace you have on now.
"You watch porn?" I ask.
"You look like a caterpillar," he said. "In a cocoon."
"I was there.
He needed music.
She filed away the image to her fantasy vault.
"Shit, so fucking good."
Then silence.
Lips twitching, Devyn stepped inside and went to close the door when he saw the large man sitting on the couch, smiling hugely as he watched him only to lose that smile, grunt in pain, and turn a glare on Andi when she climbed over him and settled on the other end of the couch.
John grabs his coat from the rack and swings the door open, glancing only briefly at me over his shoulder.
She covered her mouth as a large fireball shot up from the roof in a plume of orange heat.
"Your diver man will pay the price one day soon, and when he does, I will celebrate his death with a feast.
"We had very different ideas about what being in a relationship meant."
"Then what would you call it?" Drew asked as he dropped down on his bunk and placed his phone on the nightstand so that she could see him better on her phone.
I can almost smell John's arousal.
Chase and Luke worked hard.
When he leaned in and kissed her forehead, she muttered, "I have needs."
I'd jump in and help, but I haven't a clue what he wants to say.
There's an awkward silence in our corner of the room.
The anger in his eyes...
He had the overwhelming urge to throw his glass at the TV, but he didn't want to frighten Mari. Or make a mess.
Once they returned to the office, he was going to have to pretend that she was just another Carta Hotels employee, and he wasn't sure that he was going to be able to do that.
It's neither pleasant nor unpleasant, but it is unending.
They had this on tap, and I bought a growler."
Maybe an errant limb or other storm debris.
He pulled the rest of the duvet from under her and tossed it out onto the bedroom floor.
When he didn't stop her, Andi pressed another kiss along his length, taking her time to learn his body as she ran her hands over his thighs.
An image of being chained in an undersea cave while fish with purple teeth nibbled at her toes blinked in her mind.
"Is it a crime?"
"I love dogs," Andi said with a heartfelt sigh as she climbed back into the car and-
She hadn't held him since the night she'd rescued him, and he felt better than she remembered.
"I shower with music.
I'm the assistant manager here at the Roman Palms and I've been tasked with making sure that you have a wonderful time while you're here."
He may have run down onto the beach.
He banged his glass on the bar and she turned to look at him, the blanket draped over her head like armor.
Or maybe he's a looter.
Enough to make me wonder, again, why he'd left it behind.
"This doesn't count," Andi said, gesturing to the legal pad that she was using to keep track of all the hidden numbers as she took in the column of numbers running down the middle of the page and...and...
"And you thought you'd get it at Carta Hotels," Devyn guessed, pressing a kiss between her shoulders.
"No, you're not a tyrant."
He'd said he was anxious about the storm but hadn't acted that nervous.
Leaning back in her chair, she flattens one hand on her desk and narrows her eyes at me.
I'm a little afraid of the water, and what kind of merman does that make me?"
Where the hell are you, woman?
Why was he being cold and distant?
He settled between her legs as his cock moved against her, teasing her already sensitive clit.
"I can't hear you at all in the other room.
He wanted to take her into his arms, warm her up.
I haven't seen that kind of rage since..." Bubbles, the oily taste of fear and death, and never-ending dark water.
"For what?" I finally ask, looking out over the woods behind Nicki's flat rather than at the man beside me.
Shocked, I picked up the call.
"I don't want to go to the amusement park."
I've wanted you for too damn long."
When her soft, wet pussy settled against the underside of his cock, he reached for the hem of her shirt and broke off the kiss that had him losing his fucking mind only long enough to pull it off her and toss it aside before his mouth found hers again.
You will bear my children and sit at my side.
Although I think it's interesting, the story will probably put you right to sleep."
"They both sound good," he says, robotically.
I want to protest, but Dyer is right.
For him to meet my eyes and flash that wicked, sinful smile of his, and to make his way to my side.
Maybe she thinks I'll break.
"And I'm going to need some answers," Drew said with a satisfied sigh as he took another sip of coffee.
Once men responded, they were destined for slaverysexual and otherwise.
"Tell him how crazy I am, Mari," Inna boomed.
She was almost drowning.
"Sounds more like your insurance agent than your ex."
And it doesn't matter that diver man wasn't actually there.
Completely.
And here he was walking hand in hand with her.
Grumbling to herself, Andi quickly typed something on the computer, clicked on something else, and-
"I'm telling my mother about Amelia and Christopher.
"Think it's the eye wall coming onshore, finally?"
Everyone always goes for the Mezzanine album.
Under half-lidded eyes and around a sexy growl?
Curious, she opened the first box and realized that they were the files that Hillshire Hotels promised to send.
I can hear the scritch-scritch of his skin as it skims over the coarse hairs.
We went to Rick's Pub, the new place that replaced the BC Inn, off Main.
"I am his cousin, though I don't see him often unless we are...working.
As you said, there's a storm coming."
The plan seemed simple.
"Why are you fighting this?"
Drew was going to spank her ass when he realized that she was gone.
He took care of her and his mates wouldn't have dared to mutiny.
Especially since he seems to be making the first, real overtures in that direction.
All you've got is now.
When Garrett and I were together, we would hang out with his friends.
Suddenly, oxygen is at a premium.
And he's always there when I drive up in the afternoon.
I don't want people thinking that I only let you hire me because I wanted to have my dirty way with you," she said, only to moan when his lips found her throat.
"Helping you," he said in a tone that told her that it should have been more than obvious what he was doing as she felt his lips press against one cheek.
She was stuck on something sharp, Andi realized, struggling to reach it as she started signaling to Travis for help only to realize that he wasn't where he was supposed to be.
You're an educator."
She held on as he pulled her tight to his chest and headed to the bedroom.
The tone of our conversation has changed so rapidly, tripped into somewhere deeper than I thought we'd ever go.
Inna punched Chase hard in the face and Chase doubled over, holding his nose, blood streaming down his hand.
He didn't speak but took down an orange seahorse and set it in the box too.
He had insurance for the bar, and he could rebuild.
He backed away, leaving her standing against the railing, and then headed to the safety and darkness of the bar.
He had to get off the phone before she came back.
The wind whipped around him, sending shivers up his legs and back.
Inna swung, his fist seeming to move in slow motion.
"How very Huckleberry Finn."
Even if I don't like needing him this much at the moment.
"I didn't mean to get in the way."
Though he stood behind her, she felt his presence like a warm hug.
You don't work out, at least not that I've seen."
"What's that tattoo on your arm?" she pointed.
"That's where it gets interesting," Andi murmured as she shifted so that she could reach over and bring up Carta Hotels' homepage on his computer.
I can hear the gratitude in his voice.
She would've saved Luke too, if she'd been able.
"Take the day off, Andi."
Go to school, hang with my mates, part-time job at the chippie..."
"I've got a few more water pitchers to fill, and then I'll dig us up some dinner.
I can't begin to imagine.
The first true wave of fear she'd felt about the storm washed over her.
Needed to stop thinking about her, Devyn thought, rubbing the back of his neck as he walked into the ballroom and took in everything from the fake snow falling from the rafters above Santa's Village to the "Ice Slides" set up in the back corner, the gingerbread decorating tables, the Christmas shop, and finally, Santa himself and-
In this way, he gets me.
I can't get enough of the way John's entire body strains toward me.
"Like I said before, it suits you."
Eyes wide, she took a step back.
I nod, mesmerized by the want I see in him.
"Oh, God, I want you there."
John nods slowly and the corners of his mouth twitch before he runs his hands roughly over it.
Her imagination made him to be something he wasn't.
It's not that I don't want to be with youI do, more than anything.
"It's what I call you in my head, sometimes."
Then, he couldn't protect one diverhis brother.
And I'm going to bloody pee my pants.
His ancestor was a privateer.
This moment between John and me seems enormous.
"There isn't anything in Kansas.
Not his building, but his presence.
Why are you showering in my bathroom when you are engaged to someone else?
As she struggled to break free, Andi noted the strain around his eyes before he moved around her, yanking harder as she reached up and pushed against the broken board above her, ignoring the sharp pain tearing through her hands and back.
Dyer and I are at a tiny pizza place on the waterfront that I can't even remember the name of, despite sitting on its patio.
"I've called an emergency meeting of the board, which will convene in five minutes.
He's wide and stretches my lips almost to the point of discomfort, but I am too hungry to care.
Maybe her voice wasn't all that good after all.
"Like amber and vanilla and...juniper or something?"
I've never felt so wholly myself as I do when I'm with him.
She'd tear through this mess and have notes on everything within the hour, making his life easier.
It was part duty and part...something else.
That's what she tasted like.
"You look exhausted," Devyn said, not bothering to look up from his phone.
He wasn't in the water.
She really was pathetic.
"I'll kill him with my hands around his neck.
When their lips met, he felt like he'd known her forever.
I set it on the floor.
It wasn't a question, and she knew it.
John was right.
This is a good thing, I think.
Her vision swam and the candlelight wavered.
"Thanks for calling."
"Talk," Dyer demands, and I do.
She reached back to free herself from whatever was caught on her suit only to realize that it was out of her reach.
"There are over three thousand members in there."
"I have bad news."
Maybe she should run back to the bar and not deal with him at all.
As long as she didn't want to go onto the beach, he'd be fine.
Somehow, the noise didn't scare him but faded into the background.
"My family has said this over and over, and yet this witch hunt continues.
He was already almost to the top.
"I hope it's not going to be that bad, but we need to be ready for the worst.
"I didn't find much, you practically don't exist online."
Give him a few minutes."
He laughed, loud and cold, and then pulled her to him.
She wasn't going to give up, that was clear.
A lump formed in his throat and he tried to swallow it down.
Christ, just the thought of someone hurting her had him on the verge of losing his fucking mind.
She panted and rubbed herself, the tension almost unbearable.
He leans on the other side of the frame, well within my personal space.
Gently caressing his jaw, Andi leaned up and brushed her lips against his as she said, "I love you, Devyn."
She placed her hand over his larger one on the railing.
She and Christopher were supposedly so much in love that they sacrificed about everything to be together.
As I said, Mom's recipe."
"In your neck of the woods, just west of Broad Street, near Wharton."
The wind screamed and the shutters shook like they were coming off their hinges.
Chapter 25
She'd never done anything like this before and if she was wrong...
She needed to let it do what it wanted.
John looks incredible, of course.
"Come spend the rest of the weekend with me.
I also know how much he wants me.
One minute, she was contemplating getting a new Eeyore Christmas stocking while mentally going over the list of things that she still needed from Roman Palms Hotel, and the next, Devyn was telling her to take the day off as he walked off with the incredibly beautiful manager of Roman Palms without her.
Soon we're burning up, devouring each other.
He wouldn't drop by to tell her something like that anyway.
Inna pushed, trying to get free.
The end of our relationship was inevitable.
Inna was insane and violent, and it shouldn't be too difficult to prove.
He set another screw.
Because no matter how much he wanted her, and God, did he fucking want her, he didn't know if he could make her happy.
"To the fun house on the other side of the swings.
If they'd known I couldn't shut the music out, even when I wanted to, they'd have sent me off for analysis.
And tell her to stop sending merpeople to check on me."
"If Luke could be here to hear all this, he would think it was the coolest thing ever. Or the craziest."
I'll be back in a few minutes.
"Were you with Inna when that diver was killed and the other injured last year?
It fit her perfectly.
A seagull dove and nabbed something off the lower railing.
"He must be one of the park guards.
Surely he couldn't expect her to believe that crap.
"I'd really like to say no, but it is part of it."
It had certainly never been one of his traits.
He does this shit on purpose, knowing what it does to me.
Besides, Mari didn't want to leave Chase.
Okay, afternoon.
"You..." He frames my face in his hands.
The buzz grew warmer in her belly and spread outward until it filled her body with soft vibrations.
Using some of the excess lube, I slide my other fingers along his crease.
"My pretties," she mumbled in a reverent whisper, already forgetting about him as she grabbed the files, turned around and made her way back to the couch, leaving him to glare at her every fucking step of the way.
Her hair floated, tickling her shoulders, and she concentrated on tranquility.
The kisses have been random and disappointingly chaste in comparison to the heat he unleashed upon me that night.
That was the best he could do for now, but hell, it was a lot better than he had to offer days ago.
I only grunt in response and program a digital block of songs and station idents that will carry me through the next hour.
"No more land, no more store, or silly human things.
I ease off of my focus, which can be too intense for most people.
I'm going to let everyone know you are okay, that you're finishing up things.
With your people.
I think I'm trembling.
"Not a physical one," John squeezes my fingers a little.
She'd never known of one in current daymerfolk were much more civilized now.
I wonder if he's feeling pressured, though.
He was wallowing again and getting worked up over things he couldn't change instead of living in the moment.
He bent over, disappearing behind the bar, and opened the squeaky bar fridge.
I can't help it, everything about the man fascinates me.
If I were on the air right now, I'd be cueing up songs about sex and desire, frustration, and need.
A royal funeralwe can line the tomb with shells."
Beside her, the younger woman wrings her hands and makes a feeble attempt to redirect the focus of the gathered horde.
She pulled herself up onto the first rungs of rope and started climbing, determined not to look down, or at Chase.
I know way more about feminine hygiene products than I ever wanted to.
"I'm not interested in hookers," Devyn said, sighing heavily as he leaned back against the couch as she did the same only to decide that was a bad idea when the move sent sharp pain through her back and sat back up.
I couldn't make a damn living."
No bar, no shop.
She looked back toward the bar to make sure he wasn't anywhere in sight, then she added her name and his to the sand, like a prayer to the sea gods to grant her wish.
I don't think it counts as a road trip," Devyn said, taking a sip of the Big Gulp that he'd tried refusing until she'd explained that without it, she wouldn't be able to get two candy bars for the price of one.
Not the part that is afraid of the water, though.
Going from oblivious kissing to brooding.
Michael, not John, smiling in front of a bunch of kids, his arm around a handsome blonde man with a shy smile and a thin frame.
She scanned the turbulent water for any sign of Inna.
He would just see Andi as a rite of passage.
Makes pirates sound more distinguished, somehow, to call them privateers.
I don't say any of this, but I don't think I need to.
And pray to whatever gods that are out there he says yes.
The sound he makes is almost a purr.
Thanks to her, and a few amusing call-ins, the afternoon breezes by.
And she looked terrified in every shiny one.
And I'm wearing too many damned clothes.
As if I'd ever say no.
The car rocked and squeaked.
It's another week before I work up the courage to text John.
"They created an authorized account," he murmured, tightening his hold around Andi as he moved his chair closer to his desk.
The ice cream shop.
I'm not ready.
John tilts his head, his eyes raking over my face me.
I feel my cheeks heat a bit.
"Are you here to drag me home against my will?"
"I'd soar out over the ocean and land on a fancy cruise ship for dinner.
His strokes were slow and deliberate.
Me with an instrument in my hands?
He shook his head, and she raised an eyebrow in challenge, then tugged him forward.
I have the sudden image of him pushing me up against one of these ancient trees that surround us and sucking the breath from my lungs.
He took his time running his hands over her shoulders, down her arms and back, only to have Andi turn the tables on him when she reached for that bottle.
"May I?" John breaks the kiss and tugs at the hem of my long-sleeved Reverend Horton Heat tee.
"That's part of it," he said, finishing off his sandwich before shifting a questioning look at her.
"And being a mermaid isn't?"
Make sure he was safe.
I think back to the flea market and how he reacted to those assholes in the Camaro and sigh.
God, she didn't know what she thought, but it wasn't that she would be sitting in her hotel room while Devyn went over her notes with the manager.
No, it wasn't safe.
She savored the way his breath came in short, quick gasps as he moved.
I have to strain my neck to look up at him.
It was his fault she'd found comfort elsewhere.
I miss him.
"He's mean and violent.
Not only was it the bottle he and Luke had shared, but it had cost a small fortune.
"I thought you weren't coming outside."
Needing more, he teased her clit one last time before releasing her panties and stood up, kissing a path from her navel to one large breast where he took the light pink nipple in his mouth as he wrapped his arms around her.
"When you saw Chase, he was coming to tell me that I had to move my shop.
I don't know myself like this, and I don't know what to do with it.
"My job was to go to school, get good grades, and stay out of trouble.
Unprecedented.
Preferably in a horizontal position.
She'd never considered that it could be true.
I return his grin.
"You didn't give me the bloody chance to, though.
Perfection
"I quit," he said, reaching up to cup her face in his hands as he leaned in and brushed his lips against hers while she sat there thinking about everything that they did to make sure that they didn't fire him and-
There was a heavy sigh, and then, Uncle Shawn was reaching for her again, but Andi refused to let go, knowing that it was the only thing that was standing between her and being forced to go into the fourth grade.
He places his hand on my chest and pushes.
"Try," Devyn said as she reached over and began toying with his fingers, needing the familiar movement right now.
"If I were you, I wouldn't keep either of them waiting."
Their shadows stretched across the beach as they walked in silence.
At least in her dreams.
"One of my favorite political songs," I tell him.
He moved inside her again, this time stronger, longer, and more forceful.
If he'd signed those papers, he would have lost everything.
I don't remember closing it.
"There's a necklace," he said.
The candles sparkled and shone bright, almost like they glowed from the strength of emotion in the room.
I push a hand through my hair and my thumb catches on a tangled curl.
Passion, joy, danger...all rolled into one.
"How did you handle them?"
"I'm not cruel, I'm trying to get what I want.
"Not in the picture," he says, his voice tight.
That wasn't what Inna said.
"I considered sending a welcome basket, but then I heard that the infamous Andi Dawson was with you and I couldn't stay away."
She lay still, waiting, listening to the rip of a foil condom pack, then feeling his weight against her back.
Besides, what would a woman like Mari want with a broken loser like him?
"I do know the way.
Well, that and Patrick."
"Please don't do that," she said, moving to stand up, but since that was no longer an option, she settled for pressing her head against the table and really hoping that they gave her the good drugs.
It's mostly Norwegian hip-hop and Swedish electronica, giving us ambiance.
Some of it, like the tiny kitchen table and chair set, have been here since before I ever arrived.
Get good grades, earn a scholarship to the school of her choice, pick a major, study hard, and get a job that she could spend the rest of her life doing, only she couldn't do it.
"Ex-fiancé."
The Scotch didn't take away the burn of her soft lips on his or the taste of the salt and sweetness of her.
"That's cruel, even for you."
How could he?
I should let him tell me all this in his own time, but I'm anxious.
This might be their last time together...her last chance to tell him the truth.
Why wasn't he following them?
Hurricanes and ex-fiancés and all."
She wiped her mouth then set the napkin on her plate.
"It sucks being alone.
Control it.
That led me to breaking into his bank account, transferring all of his money into an account that I'd created, and since I was already there, I accessed my brother's college fund and did the same.
Chase took off toward the door at the opposite end of the mirrored room, weaving through the rows of misshapen mirrors.
Boy, Luke would be laughing at him now.
"Where did you get more chocolate?" Devyn asked as he watched her take a bite of the large chocolate candy bar that they definitely didn't buy at the gas station that she'd made him stop at this morning.
Even with the insurance, it's going to cost a fortune."
She swirled the ice cubes in the glass.
Things weren't as bad as they seemed.
"Not hang drywall?"
"There is that," Andi murmured in agreement before continuing, "I got curious about what it would take to save Hillshire Hotels, but I didn't have access to the files when I was at the hotel-"
It's WKMP's program director, Nicki.
He looked over the contract, his gaze lingering on the words, "Ten billion dollars," before he found the signature line with his name typed beneath it followed by the words, CEO of Carta Hotels.
I clear my throat and go back to pulling songs from my playlist.
Her betrothed wasn't someone to mess around with.
"And...her bills?
"I don't think that's a good idea."
Another pic shows John with two girls.
I make a noise I've never made before, in my whole bloody life.
He shuffled his feet, slowing their pace.
"I did, I really did, but that only led to pitying looks, mumbled apologies, and an explanation that I wasn't on the list," Andi explained with a sad shake of her head as he opened the door for her.
There was too much at stake, too many sacrifices had been made along the way, and too many promises that he'd made that he refused to break, counting on this.
Not to a farm in Kansas, but to her crazy-ass fiancé.
Her back was damp with sweat and her arms ached from holding the wood, but her heart sang.
With the little dogs."
Chase was such an enigmagrouchy then soft then grouchy again without any warning.
"But you plan on finding out," Lucas said, nodding as he slowly exhaled.
He'd caused me to miss quite a few cues, I'd be so hypnotized by him at times.
"That's a perfect plan," I agree.
"You have to savor every feeling, every second.
He grabbed another T-shirt and scooped up the pearl necklace from the bedside table.
Nodding absently, she shifted her attention back to Nicholas.
"Seems like," Lucas murmured in agreement as a thought occurred to him.
I'd give him anything he asked, I'm so wrapped up in him.
In the lighted path, the sea glittered like a million tiny fireflies, flickering and bobbing in the warm, late summer's night.
How to explain to her that if he kissed her again, he might never stop?
"This letter," Thomas said, pulling a piece of paper out of the folder in his hands and handed it to him.
I can tell where John is just by tracking Dyer's hazel gaze.
He was being ripped apart and memory and real life battled for control, and memory was winning.
"I may switch teams one of these days, just for you."
"Don't get me wrong, I understood how busy she'd be, how important her work was, and I was always proud of her.
Spring Fever: Shifters in Love
Why hadn't the police come through with their loudspeakers on their patrol cars?
"Besides finding out who was behind this?
I ignore them.
I meet his eyes, search them for the truth.
Chase was totally smitten by this girl with wild eyes and an uninhibited personality.
"Someone's been embezzling, but I don't know how much yet.
A deep and pervasive ache spread throughout his upper back and exhaustion seeped into his bones.
By the time the film ends, and John turns his whiskey eyes on me, I'm...
Luke giggled as he poked it, then marched around it, drawing a line with the driftwood as he walked.
"Take me..."
My own cock jumps and dribbles against my thigh as I imagine being buried inside him.
Really wishing that she'd left this hotel off their list, Andi made her way to the elevator and pushed the cracked call button before resigning herself to another long night when the elevator doors opened and-
He must, right?
The beach road lay deserted in both directions, not a car or pedestrian in sight.
He tipped up his beer and drank a gulp before answering.
Not that she'd ever applied to work in the accounting department because she hadn't, but every time she landed a job that she was excited about she somehow ended up working in the accounting department instead.
When she was done, he kissed a path up to her neck and found the spot that he knew drove her crazy.
And hot, scorching hot, all over me.
"The files didn't go missing until she touched them and they're still going missing.
No one is scheduled to come into the studio for three or four hours, so we can stay there on the floor for as long as he needs.
I think I'm scaring him.
Since the team that Devyn hired worked off those files, they would be screwed if anything happened to them, especially since they hadn't been allowed to make any copies due to Carta Hotels' strict policies that Devyn had been forced to adhere to.
Not only would Luke want him to be happy, he would be downright pissed off if he knew Chase was running away to stagnate on a ranch far from the ocean.
If things went as he planned, she'd be without a place on land to live, without a shop, and worst of all, without Chase.
We could spend the day together."
If only the power were back on, or if they had cell service.
A gull squalled and then landed on the road in front of them.
New for both of us.
The storm shutter on the broken bar window dangled from its lower hinge, canting at an odd angle.
She needed to go back to the bar to warm up, but she wanted to give Chase some time to get his emotions in check.
"I want to see how the park fared.
"When will you tell your mother that you won't marry Inna?"
I want to know everything, and we have all night, since I doubt either of us is going to sleep."
"We don't have time for this," Devyn pointed out as she grabbed his hand and dragged him up the stairs.
He didn't look up but continued to stare at his coffee.
Mari screamed fresh sunshine and sex, and he'd been unable to resist her.
"I've always liked that name.
"So does she," Andi said absently, not bothering to look up from whatever she was doing to point a damning finger across the room at the last person that Devyn would have suspected.
The EMS Series:
He lay back as much as possible in the confines of the cart, and she bent her head and licked his belly button.
To...do something.
Shivering, he reached for his towel and dabbed at his face, wiping away the moisture and rubbing his eyes.
"I'm fucking you, Johnny," I say, the words tumbling out of my mouth.
Revenge was a powerful motivator, and Inna's family had been picking off the men in Chase's family successfully for a long time, though they'd lied about their reasons.
"Is that what you want me to be?"
That part is one-hundred-ten percent human scaredy-cat."
"And you did a really good job," Devyn said, reaching over and plucked the candy bar out of her hand as he made his way around a slow driver.
Her wet, wet body and trim hips with exactly the right amount of curves in all the right places...
"I would never treat anyone like that," she said, shrugging it off only to add, "Except for Drew," with an adorable frown and a solemn nod.
"I left the matter in Mr. MacGregor's hands and thought the matter was handled when he requested an early audit and began visiting Carta Hotels, but I soon discovered that he was using the opportunity to destroy evidence," Lucas explained.
Keep talking about your John Bunyan."
"I think the worst is over."
"It is my great pleasure to announce that as of this morning, Emerald Castle Hotels finally closed on the Hillshire Hotels deal thanks to MacGregor Project Development," Nicholas Mitchell announced with a warm smile that would have normally had her returning that smile, but at the moment, she was having a difficult time not screaming in pain.
Stop freaking out.
He's covering for his nerves.
She ran at the bird, sending it fluttering and soaring as she approached.
I blink and realize there's an LP my left hand, its sleeve in my right.
I'm not a submissive by any stretch of the imagination, but still.
"Well, I could've told you we're meant to be together, without a tattoo."
Escapeget far away from that day when she saved Chase and Luke died.
Maybe she should see if the accounting department had an opening, Andi wondered as she worried her bottom lip between her teeth as she stared down at the reason why she'd rushed back here at ten-thirty at night and couldn't help but wonder where the rest of the files that were supposed to be on her desk were.
I'm terrified, convinced that the slightest movement on my part would break the spell.
The anger...
"I made her a promise," he said, probably thinking that she would leave it at that, but...
The words wouldn't form to ask the question.
"But it's time to let him go.
I just seem to know when he's going to be around.
That was fine, more than fine because she didn't want to go with him anyway.
"Well," I say, stretching my leg out until my toes reach his thigh.
"I hope you don't mind," he says, reading the back cover of a Police album.
She's a mom to more cats than children and she loves live music, traveling, and staying up all night to try and count the stars.
After she walks away, I turn to him.
And Inna would be waiting for him.
Leaving the door open, she walked out onto the deck to the railing.
And while the flat is a good size, with two generous bedrooms plus a small den, a full kitchen, and a living room big enough to entertain more than a handful of friends, it's...in a word...rubbish.
I fire it up and wait for it to connect to John's Wi-Fi.
It hits me like a bloody freight train, how important he's become to me.
He grabs a bottle of body wash from a nook above my head.
Worries about the impending storm pushed the memories closer to the surface, and his body felt the toll.
"The fun house is the only building we have a chance of getting into.
Tell me about your trip-buddy."
"Dyer says the edamame dumplings are, and I quote, orgasmic," I offer out of nowhere.
"Guess what?" John asks when I open the door for him.
Eight notes.
Does he know you aren't planning to marry him?"
Along the opposite wall is where I keep my personal collection.
As I said, I don't know much about wine, but this one is really fucking good.
Please..."
"Your brother..."
I watch, stunned, as his eyes shutter.
"There was so much more than that, and you know it.
Especially when he kissed her, or when she would reach out and touch his arm, or when he moved inside her.
Every little movement fascinates me.
Lucas's team had been handling this project from the start, managing every aspect of the deal and going over every detail to make sure that everything was perfect.
Maybe one day Chase's mom would share the recipe.
Devyn narrowed his eyes on his new assistant as Lucas said, "See you tomorrow," with a chuckle as he got off on the tenth floor.
But the pinks and purples suited Chase, at least in her mind.
"Better than the beach."
He's hard and strong, and so very hungry.
When his mother was able to find work, he used to hang out in the library in the reference section and by the time that he was old enough for school, his mother had been able to get a job at the factory and keep a roof over their heads.
I ran them myself more than once," Lucas explained as he picked the rumpled contract off the floor.
It's such a promise, that one small thing.
If inspiration didn't strike soon, he'd be gone for good.
He murdered them in cold blood."
"Not at all, I was just about to refresh my drink.
"Oh, well, that's good," I say, not sure of what to say.
My ma's still there, so I visit every so often."
He quickly puts more distance between us.
Taming the Lion
I've been thinking about it, and I want you to come with me.
"You can't expect me to stay here, John...Michael...whatever your name is," I retort, pulling on my jeans.
His bedroom is the best room in his flat.
She was much more overprotective since his brother's death.
"I haven't heard a word from you since the storm.
And she felt like a butterfly about to take flight.
He pulls it out of his pocket and frowns, answering.
The necklace shook in her grasp and her tail fought to transform.
My hands drop to my lap, though I'm careful not to damage the sleeve of the record I'm holding.
I want to know everything about him, but I want him to tell me when he's ready.
She looked like a creature from a fairy tale.
"You are exceedingly good for my ego."
You can judge for yourself."
"Mate, you need to get out more."
"You were both in trouble in the water.
He ran his thumb lightly over the inky mark and she shuddered a breath and opened her eyes to slits.
I'm distracted from the conversation by the promise of rows and rows and rows of records, CDs, and memorabilia that awaits us.
"Do you even know the word discreet?"
"Because Rick offered me a deal on this place, and I kinda took him up on it."
"That's what I heard," Lucas murmured as he folded his arms over his chest as he considered her.
Not because I have control over my mouth, but because I've lost my power of speech.
He yanked again and the lock gave.
Not that he was trying to start something with her.
As the door swung behind him, closing off the space he and Mari had shared, he exhaled.
We survived a major hurricane and were attacked by my insane fiancé.
And he'd never believe she was a mermaid, even if she did tell him.
He'd already kicked off his shoes by the time she had her shorts halfway down.
"I won't bother you, I just like watching you in your natural habitat."
It's about a third of the size of the A room.
You should write a book."
He waved the smoke away.
"I'm not really trying to compliment you, just stating facts."
I melt even further into his embrace.
"How could you miss the ferry?
"I knew it would be."
And Pirate Chase.
What a change from yesterday!
He'd pulled away pretty completely after sex, mumbling about the storm and getting the bar ready, and she was trying not to take it personally, but something about his demeanor bothered her.
He's the guy you talk about non-fucking-stop when we're hanging out, which has been less and less of late because of John.
He didn't want to lose his temper and it wasn't her fault she couldn't understand.
He heard her sigh and could picture her shoulders drooping in defeat.
But at least he was safe from Inna now.
No doubts.
He considered asking her what she was working on, but he already knew that he'd be wasting his time.
Lucas grew up in this world where secretaries were meant to be fucked and just as quickly dismissed before moving on to the next one.
"Okay, you're right about that.
He turned, his face lighting up and a wicked smile curved his lips.
We rinse off quickly and stagger back to bed, sated and grinning.
I think I expect him to walk back through the door, remembering that he has me in his life now.
"I say that because I do wonder what it was that came between you and Garrett.
Ignoring just how badly he needed relief, Devyn took his time, sliding his tongue inside her only to pull it free and move it over her clit, unable to get enough of her.
I love Nicki's office.
She blinked to hide her lie.
Don't make fun of the storyteller."
It isn't that I didn't try, I did.
She swept her tongue over his with yielding wetness, like a melting mint, and he groaned.
And isn't it true that your grandson is gay?"
"Hey," I say, nudging his elbow with mine.
They didn't have time to waste with this bullshit.
New York Times Bestselling author, R.L. Mathewson was born in Massachusetts.
"I appreciate that, but I'm actually working on something," Andi said with a pointed look at the files in her arms.
"I suppose we do what we must."
They seemed to know each other, that was for sure.
Willingly."
For emergency situations, you see.
There's been a sort of unspoken rule that I won't ask him about his life before he moved here.
The orangey sun, slung low in the western sky on the hip of the horizon over the mainland behind him, cast lengthy streaks of light through the clouds over the sound side.
Chase waved away the cigarette smoke.
His deeply tanned skin contrasted with the gray, choppy water.
God, she was beautiful, Devyn thought, his grip tightening around the railing as he stood there, watching as she reached up and pulled her long, beautiful brown hair up into a messy bun before he ran his eyes over her.
Because what else do I say to that?
Then again, he hadn't told me any of this.
He breathed, flexing and releasing muscles in order, as the therapist taught him.
Is that why you chose this island to build the bar?
His biceps quaked and the tattoo jerked as he rubbed his eyes.
Inna stepped off the deck onto the walkway and headed down to the beach stairs.
"But it's all a lie."
Such sweet curves.
They were a lot of trouble.
Should have put her phone on Do Not Disturb, Andi realized when her phone went off again.
"Maybe," he says.
Something grabbed him under his armpits, yanked, and pulled him through the water in a whoosh.
He grabs my hands and grips them tightly.
They must be fresh."
Unlike Chase, his physique didn't excite herit frightened her.
"It's a great idea," Uncle Shawn reassured her as she found herself herded towards the desk.
She wants me to marry someone with influence, so I'll be taken care of.
"It's just a combination of products," I reply, shivering because his hand has moved up under my sweater to stroke at the small of my back.
She just needed to get through her presentation, not pass out or scream in pain, and she would be fine.
Pleasure zings across my nerve endings.
Wood, grasses, pieces of shingles, and who knew what else lay in piles and clumps along the once crystalline and clear sand.
Why did he leave her behind?
The fun house lay beyond the next curve of the path.
I'm shaking, and my skin feels entirely too hot and too tight.
Please sign up for her newsletter here:
I hate to compare, but it's hard not to.
Chapter 33
Or soon after his death.
She'd guilted him into taking a walk down to see how the beachside amusement park had handled the storm, and he'd reluctantly agreed, figuring he should see the damage on other parts of the island.
"I'm in!" Andi said as Devyn did everything that he could to beat the GPS, hoping like hell that they were able to get back before it was too late.
The Ballad of Dorothy Parker had been set to go, but there's an even better soundtrack for this moment.
"Has the forecast changed?
What has changed since this afternoon?
I have half a mind to get dressed, get in my car, and drive back to Philly.
"Tell her to be patient, and that I'm fine, but I have to be here to make sure my store is secure.
"You know your mother's expecting you."
Edgerton school district refuses to reinstate teacher cleared of molestation.
Chase stared at the edge of her breast, then down at his arm where the little mermaid held the pink starfish.
It would be a long night and she'd have plenty of time to think about what Inna said.
He rinsed and turned the water off, counting the drops that fell from the tap after the water stopped running.
"The bank will only transfer for authorized users."
And it's not culturally acceptable to back out of an arranged marriage."
As always, the request lines are open, but you know the rules.
He grabbed her hand and led her into the next room, bumping her into the doorframe and scraping her arm.
"If he's a newborn, and you're his first, he's got to be...skittish about the whole being-seen-in-public thing."
This was going to be fun, Andi thought as she noted that air conditioning was not guaranteed.
The Monday after I last saw John, Burton Construction left a voicemail for Mario saying one of the other guys would come in to finish Studio A, and that if he had any issues, to take it up with the new contractor.
Double Dare
I hear John hopscotching into the bedroom, hissing from the cold, no doubt.
She took another bite and chewed slowly.
"What were they like, your parents?"
"Prude or not, you love me," I tease, pushing him in his seat until he almost topples out of it.
Were she and Chase the only ones who'd stayed behind?
And he was joining the ranks unintentionally.
He lifted up on his arms and watched her breasts bob with each thrust, the necklace bouncing from side to side on her bare chest.
He's beautiful like this, skin flush with passion, eyes glistening, lips ravaged.
Let Kathy deal with it on her shift.
They'd die together.
It has a look of contained chaos about it, which actually personalizes the space nicely.
"If I could leave, I would.
It was a man.
John is big, with a good fifty pounds on me, but I give him every bit of strength I have.
Mari set her empty cup on the railing.
"You haven't been over yet," he rushes to say and takes my hand in his, almost sheepish.
"Are you regretting that you asked about the painting now?"
Get to my shop and see how it fared."
"Stay away from her," Devyn bit out, stepping over the asshole cupping his face and decided to go make sure that the little pain in the ass wasn't trying to sneak out the window.
But I can't leave the ocean.
It takes a moment for me to realize he's moved, no longer face-to-face with me.
He could almost taste the salty air too, thick with heat and humidity.
Her frame is delicate, her cheekbones sharp enough to cut glass.
And so French.
The room spun and he steadied himself against the bar.
"I'll find the perfect man for me."
His head drops to my shoulder until he's hunched over.
A flickering light bounced off the walls, and a second later he appeared in the doorway, his face half-lit in the candlelight.
"Chase is my friend.
Tomorrow, I'll swim home so everyone knows I'm okay.
I hear him shift on the other end of the call.
"You cut your hair?"
And we'd had a meal together and shared a sometimes-stilted conversation or two.
Sadness grew in the dim light like a puff of smoke blossoming.
"You're not so bad yourself, John Burton."
She's still gorgeous.
I was really looking forward to being alone.
Like he can't wait to get me alone.
Except he was still on the island, and still near the water.
"Ain't no rest for the wicked."
Their love story is one for a romance novel.
He would have lost everything.
If she wanted to stay during the storm, that was fine.
"Couldn't stand my...obsession, he called it."
His voice reaches out from the corner of the room that's still in shadow.
How big is his dick?
But no way he'd be sticking around when the water rose.
I hope so too.
He's a man that really knows how to enjoy food.
Chuckling softly, the beautiful blonde bombshell shifted her assets one last time with an absently murmured, "This is me," making Andi frown in confusion as she stepped off the elevator and headed straight for Ben, who slapped a welcoming smile on his face as soon as he saw her, the hooker, not Andi because he really seemed to hate her.
He's so close, and he smells so good, and I want so much.
His old school.
Together, she and Chase could take on whatever came their way.
"Yeah," I reply, gathering our paper plates and napkins from the table.
If the shop were gone, she'd have no choice but to go home and admit defeat to her mother and to Inna.
Then maybe you can tell me what job I was interviewing for?"
Ms. Taylor grits her teeth.
Not even a Facebook profile.
Besides, she had other things to do right now, like spending the rest of the day pretending that she didn't see this.
"You're very easy to get along with.
Inna's eyes filled with realization and his jaw tightened.
"Contractor," I correct her without thinking.
He's hiding from a past he can't forget.
He'd take the leap.
Despite the lack of conversation, the night goes by quickly.
It wasn't like she was lying.
I realize it's not tied back and falls to his shoulders, thick and glorious, framing his face.
No sign of Chase.
"Thank fucking god," he says, finally pulling me into his lap and capturing my mouth again.
"Ohhh, yeah," he says, gazing up at the ceiling with a dreamy expression.
The thought of being dumped into the cold, stormy waters off North Carolina again?
And, as my dear Gran used to say, I have "the patience of Job."
He realigned the flashlights.
"I'm gonna make you feel so good, you'll think you're flying."
Like she said.
"Come for me, mermaid."
He's searching my eyes, asking me about music, but his mind is still clearly elsewhere.
"Hey, Mario."
"I clearly know what you mean," she said, her voice muffled between a yawn and the blanket.
Her eyes are locked on my face, and I feel it heating under her scrutiny.
He should have known this was going to happen, Devyn thought as he made his way through the busy restaurant, his gaze shifting from the admittedly handsome, insanely rich man that was smiling at Andi in a way that had his jaw clenching, to the small woman that he hadn't been able to get enough of last night.
There are little touches here and there that warm up the otherwise cold space.
Skin to skin."
The first brush of his lips left her trembling, the second had her moaning, and the third had her moving her lips against his as she shoved everything off her lap and climbed onto his, a soft groan reached her as Devyn dropped his hands away and-
But I can't move away from my home.
"I'm fine," Andi said, for some reason sounding a tad out of breath.
Nerves begin to creep into my John Burton high, so I switch the topic of conversation over to Dyer and his mystery lover.
I have a lot left to do to prepare."
When he was done, he headed towards his office, his gaze never leaving his phone as he said, "There's a list on the desk to help you get started."
But he moves, and I go stupid watching him.
And when their bodies came together again, everything was perfect.
He's oozing confidence, but there's a tightness in his shoulders that tells me he's nervous too.
Only Inna posed a threat.
"Patrick and I were friends," John continues.
Presses against it like a finger to a bruise.
It's your business, and I forgot about your brother."
I tighten my arms around him.
God, he looked so lost.
You aren't selling the bar?
"What's his taste like?" He repeats, unknowingly correcting the traitorous thought.
Not at all, I'm sorry if I gave you that impression."
He dropped the cigarette onto the deck, crushed it with his foot, and then kicked the butt over the edge.
She touched her starfish tattoo, feeling it pulse under her fingertips.
I don't know exactly where I'll go or what I'll end up doing, but I do know it will be far, far away from the ocean.
He knew she couldn't best him physically, and he was a pig for using his strength against her.
I shake my head, offering him a small smile.
His lips were firm against hers, his tongue soft and warm.
God, I hate myself sometimes.
He stood over her, half smiling.
I know I'm begging, but the need to have him inside me has become an imperative.
As soon as she crawled into bed and closed her eyes, Devyn was there, pulling her into his arms and pressing a kiss against the back of her neck and as much as she would have loved to do more than just pass out in his arms every night, she was too exhausted to do anything more than that.
Was this cave-merman for real?
Any other time, the situation would have been comical.
It's okay, this is the first of many.
She peeked at Chase, sitting on the couch across from her, staring at the ceiling, his arms crossed over his chest.
"They tried to entice me into staying, but unfortunately for them, it wasn't enough to stop me from leaving and coming to work for you as the best assistant that you've ever had," Andi said with a long-suffering sigh that had his lips twitching.
If the story is true, I guess a tiny part of me is a fish.
I want us to be one.
They stood, unmoving and silent for a few moments, only her heartbeat and the muffled waves cascading on the sand filling the silence in her ears.
Things don't work like this.
There was a lot she didn't know about him.
But this is my choice too."
Sweet escape.
Wake up, eat, drive to work, drive home, eat (maybe), and then sleep.
I rest my head on his shoulder and close my eyes, sighing with contentment.
I sit on the couch and face Garrett, this guy I spent the better part of two years with, and really look at him.
"I have the power of invisibility.
The mini-fridge door had been torn off at some point, the curtains were stained various degrees of yellow and had what looked like cigarette burns on them, the comforter on the bed was covered in small white stains that left little to the imagination, there was a used condom on the floor, a roach taking a leisurely stroll along the aged wallpaper and-
She wasn't his to take care of.
I've signed the papers.
Keeping his arms wrapped around her, Devyn rolled her over onto her back and took over.
It's likely worth a lot of moneybeing old and gold and stuff."
I don't ask what's wrong, don't want to pry, I just hold him and rock him while he soaks my ratty, old Radiohead sweatshirt with tears.
One minute she wanted to scream at him, and the next she wanted to be in his arms.
I'd shared everything with John.
The tide was out, and the beach lay wide and open, glistening in the sun.
"It's...kinda beautiful, really.
Mermaid or not, it didn't matter.
When she put her hand on him, he didn't push her away and she rubbed and squeezed through his jeans.
"I fooled around long before I had actual sex," I tell him.
Can't you stay here with me?
Time for an overhaul of hiring practices?
"Finish your pointless work.
Shelly and I were essentially roommates."
"I scare you," she said, taking him by surprise.
He glanced at the ocean, checking again for danger.
Not to be confused with cuddling in a romantic way.
At least half of the bar roof was aflame.
Her voice has a musical quality that I adore.
Inna smiled and glanced at Mari.
"I tried talking to my godfather, but-"
Mari looked like a drowned waif, soaking wet and scrawny and a little pitiful.
"I'll go with you," Drew said, cutting Uncle Shawn off with a heavy sigh as he climbed out from beneath the table and grabbed his Mickey Mouse backpack.
Sometimes it seemed he went out of his way to ignore her.
"I had hoped Chase would die.
He turns and starts walking, his long legs eating up the steel bridge.
Part of me wonders if he comes by every day to look for me.
The taste of him, of his tongue sliding over mine.
"Later tonight," she said.
It had been a long time since a man kissed her, but she knew that she'd never been kissed like this before.
"You're not going anywhere, Miss Dawson," Devyn said, tossing the iPad on the couch with a heavy sigh when a knock at the door drew his attention.
Under the sea, she couldn't smell anything, but on land, things smelled alive.
She nodded, debating whether to brave the questions filling her mind.
"Ten on my team, but every department had a hand in this deal," Lucas said, slowly exhaling.
And another.
It wasn't sex, Mari.
"I...I know we said slow, but..."
And my knees give out.
"Let's get back to the bar before that madman comes out after us."
"I'd better grab a bite before my shift."
The one you asked about.
When she only stood there, blinking at the admittedly handsome man, he shot her a boyish smile.
The security cameras that Carta Hotels had in the parking lot managed to catch the perp waiting most of the night for him.
I guess you can help by having coffee brewed.
By the time my shift ends, he's gone.
She raised her face to the warm sun, letting it spread across her face, then looked out over the gray ocean.
"The very same," Devyn said, closing his email and sat back in his chair, wondering how they were going to fix this.
Our accounting department and legal department have been scrambling to make sense of this.
He opened his mouth, but no words came out.
If anything trumped Inna's anger, it was his jealousy.
Born on the fifth of March, no year listed.
"Then, I'm good," Andi said, nodding as the elevator doors opened and a plump woman carrying a stack of folders joined them.
Everything about John is solid, reliable.
During my shifts, he works non-stop, barely answering when I inquire about his moods.
Our waiter introduces himself as Ward, and Ward is, in a word, stunning.
"Nana Taylor?"
Inna snorted but didn't move.
I've never been one of those glass-half-full types, but shit.
"Probably a surge when the power came on.
The noisy tourists?
His cock feels incredible in my hand.
"Because, babe, your taste in rum is for shit."
His navy diver training had shaped his body into a sleek and muscular swimming machine.
"Fish and chips shop."
If anything, he appeared more rugged and strong.
"He's always angry."
She just knew that she didn't want it to stop.
Until she ended up in one of his bartender's beds.
He remembered every detail of Luke's short life, but he hadn't allowed himself to think about those memories in a long time.
My Technics turntable occupies the place of honor where a television might sit.
We were friends, I could have been there for you."
"You would think that, but I..., I tend to just go along with whatever."
It takes a few seconds of ogling for me to realize he's not dressed for work.
The storm, and all its destruction, was gone.
He poured another half glass of Scotch.
After his coffee, she'd slide right into bed and they'd let the caffeine work its magic.
No empathy?
"It was mostly chit-chat at first, you know.
And we're angry because no one seems to care about the truth, and this man – this good man – is suffering for it."
Before she could stop him, and she really wasn't sure that she wanted to stop him right now, not when it felt this good to have his hands moving over her.
No one had told him how difficult it would be.
"He doesn't look like he wants to talk."
And a plan.
She was in his arms and there would be time for truth later.
The weight of emotion in his voice shook her, and for a moment, her resolve wavered.
Ready to come and waiting for me to take you there."
I grin at him, hoping to earn one of his delicious smiles.
As much as he was terrified to admit it, she meant a lot to him.
I'll be there soon, and we can talk about this further."
He grabbed the bar and tried to steady himself.
He could see her through the window, her pink shirt visible amidst the clutter.
About waiting for someone to come along and love you.
And yet I sort of do.
"He's adorable," she said, picking up the bear only to go still when she felt it.
"Andi didn't start working for Carta Hotels until a few months ago.
Nearly every wall is lined with floor-to-ceiling shelves filled with LPs.
It's a perfect starry night filled with life and energy and magic.
Chase was going to come looking for her soon.
"Lead the way," he says.
John's hands are still on the steering wheel, his knuckles a little less white now, and he drops one to his lap to take mine.
Unless you want to join me?"
I'd only comforted him.
My heart squeezes and before I know it, my hand is on his bicep, the same one the brunette had grabbed.
"Rent isn't going up."
And I'm tempted to laugh it off, but that's not what I want to do.
A light vapor trail of cedar and citrus stretches out between us as he pulls away.
He'd never get past it to reach the paintingit was probably already on fire anyway.
There are dozens of results, but that's not what stops me cold.
And she could never let him know she loved Chase.
She couldn't believe he'd changed his mind.
"Better than," I assure him, shelving the record and flipping on one of my digital mixes instead.
"Devyn," Andi whispered as she pushed back, taking him inside her as he dropped his head back on a groan.
"And finally, 23,432 divided by 26," Miss Thomas finished with flourish as she moved to place the dry-erase marker down and-
"If this window breaks during the storm, you're going to have a mess.
"Don't you think we did enough work for one day?"
My mother, on the other hand, waited two whole days before she decided that she couldn't handle it.
Suddenly, she opened her eyes, and she stopped moving.
After Ward leaves us, I reach across the table and touch John's hand.
"My job," Devyn murmured, nodding as he opened the file and glanced down at the glowing recommendation to the board from the woman pushing her chair back only to find herself surrounded by several police officers.
"Don't all tattoos have some kind of story behind them?"
I swallow before I choke.
He tastes of beer and spices.
He was reaching for her before he realized what he was doing, wrapping his arms around her as he kissed her stomach through her shirt.
She had to get to the top.
This was perfect.
"Thanks anyway."
I nod, like a bloody idiot.
The one he'd given me so freely and so often.
"We should probably go over what's expected of you," Devyn said as he scrolled down the list.
"Born in seventy-five."
A small tattoo peeked from beneath the neckline of her dresshe hadn't spotted it before.
Clouds completely blocked the sun, and a pall had fallen over the island.
God, I hurt.
As much as I hate that he's walking away from me, I enjoy the view as he leaves.
It was a small, conservative town.
He held her tight, almost painfully, but not quite.
Chase set the phone down as Mari walked back into the bar.
That I won't ask him about this, whatever this is between us.
The queen lowered her voice.
She was asking questions.
"John is the guy that's had you floating on air these last few months," he says.
"You could have just opened your mouth and told me, I would have believed you.
I give as good as I get, writhing underneath him.
John exhales and it's such a sound of relief.
Nibbling on her bacon, Andi shifted her attention to him.
I let him slide out of my mouth.
The guilt.
She'd stood and moved out of the way when Chase sailed out, landing with a flop.
Not tonight, only because you ask, and because the storm is heading in too quickly for me to enjoy his death.
That is not good for low-lying coastal areas."
If she hadn't left her undersea home, she wouldn't have met Chase.
We're staring.
Sad, really.
"I've never heard of this man."
"Tell me about you."
"Mari," the voice called, louder this time.
He'd likely come back soonbefore the storm got too bad.
I nod because I really can't do anything else.
He breathed slowly and evenly, keeping his eyes closed and counting silently.
When she felt his lips pull away from hers, she pressed her lips tightly together and held her breath.
"We really need to work on your priorities," she said as the couple in front of them climbed out of the sled.
I must be passed out drunk in my room while my mind conjures up the perfection of John Burton's lips brushing over mine.
I'd introduce you, but I'm running late.
Of course, I didn't let that stop me.
"Yeah, a couple are stopping by this afternoon.
I'm coming so hard, my vision blurs.
The rest of the night was going to be painful.
"And what if I told you that I wanted to spend the next six months in bed with you?" he asked as he kissed that spot on her neck that really made it difficult to think.
"Carta Hotels' VP of Acquisitions and the man that I fully expect to find listed on the original files once we get our hands on them," she said, sighing heavily as she swiped to a financial form and held it up for him to see.
They should have been downstairs.
It's Zenyatta Mondatta, one of the most underrated albums of that decade.
He'd been fucked over for this project and he had no idea why, but he knew one thing.
"It wasn't him," Devyn said, correctly reading her thoughts as he grabbed the egg sandwich that she picked up for him and took a bite.
A door shut beneath him, rattling the decking under his feet.
I love this little car.
A threat he was more than equipped to take care of.
He set the ice pack in the sink and felt around for the lighter and lit the candle.
"I lost mom and dad years ago."
Too bad the new buyers didn't want tenants, but Mari would find a better location somewhere on the island.
His heart and his head were not in agreement.
I'm going to slip off that dress and treat you like my own mermaid princess."
Dyer releases my hand and sits back in his chair.
"And I really think that I should go back before I miss recess," Andi said as Uncle Shawn led her to the classroom at the end of the hallway.
I think that's why the station does so well there."
"You know how to enjoy life, one moment at a time," he continued.
I start my shift with shaky hands and a stuttering heart, queuing up several songs for him including some new stuff from Gary Clark Jr., and The Carolina Chocolate Drops.
When I tug lightly on his balls, he shudders again.
She wanted to live and love.
Hopefully, her mother would understand the decision not to marry Inna.
After a few strokes, and a kiss that never wants to end, I sit up and grab the bottle of lube from behind me.
"At any rate, he must have left the diary with her when he set her ashore.
The wind had to be pretty strong to propel the branch all the way onto the deck and through the window.
He was a captain."
I was her number one cheerleader."
She still got time in the water pretty often while running the shop, but it wasn't the same.
She had to have an explanation for this mess.
"Plus, he was talking with your mother, and I think they are discussing the tribal merge.
He rubbed his head, willing his heart to slow its frantic pace.
The ride is smooth, especially in John's newish Toyota Rav 4, but it's an uncomfortable trip, the lingering stench of the asshole homophobe sits in the air between us.
This surprises me, though it really shouldn't.
The teen is clearly miserable, but he fumes.
"We don't have time, Miss Dawson.
Pirate Chase, swimming with her in the blue, blue water.
They were gaining strength, rolling over one another in an endless rush to shore.
I'm walking along the canal behind Main Street, killing time before my shift.
If you have a moment, and want to spread the word about The Project, I would truly appreciate it.
"They also accused me of sleeping with my last boss," Andi pointed out.
Humidity and sun be damned, she'd accept her fate and make the most of it.
And I will enjoy it when it is Chase's turn.
Garrett hangs up before I can tell him no.
His foul attitude made him seem bigger than he was, and all his scowling and frowning added to the intimidation factor.
Must be the king of all jellyfish."
"Why didn't Inna come himself?" she asked.
"They found something in their audit and they're panicking."
"Mind if I turn off this music and put on the TV to check the weather while we still have electricity?"
"Does he at least know how to use it?
They're in serious debt.
No risking it now, he couldn't afford any more responsibilities.
She'd wanted him, and no amount of social pressure was going to make her feel like she couldn't seek out pleasure if she wanted it.
The dunes will protect us from a strong water wall, and the stilts are taller than the expected surge."
"It's definitely helping!"
I'm grateful the tables on either side of us are still empty - how embarrassing! - but I'm stuck on that word.
"I also made sure that the boardrooms had the good snacks," she pointed out, making his lips twitch.
I hope everything will be alright."
Chase had taken his brother's death hard.
He'd enjoyed the time she'd had her shop beneath his bar, and he was a little sad he wouldn't see her anymore.
Inna laughed, the sound echoing in the climbing chamber like a tinny nightmare.
There's so much I don't know about him, but that hasn't stopped me from fantasizing about the kind of life he has. The kind of home he lives in.
This place is depressing as fuck.
"They sublet the front bedroom from me," I explain, flicking on lights as I go.
John takes my hand and leads me to the sectional that takes up most of the living room's floor space.
He'd hired private investigators, forensic accountants, IT specialists, and a slew of experts to tear through everything they'd found and figure out who was behind this mess.
Just inhaled his pizza slices and made an excuse to duck out.
"We're starting that renovation on Studio A, so I put you in B tonight.
"Grab the drill.
One of the few links he had to his distant past, besides the necklace, was about to get burned up and lost forever.
"If I said I was, would you hold me?"
Mari slipped under the water to clear her thoughts.
And... There it is.
Apparently, they weren't happy about one of their queens living on a ship with a privateer.
Chase tried to pry Inna's hands away.
His voice rumbled over the beach.
"You aren't staying the night with that diver man.
There's more footage of John leaving a courthouse, presumably after the charges were dismissed.
He swallowed down a barrage of accusatory questions and paused for a moment before replying.
He rubbed her back and she arched to meet his warm hands.
His leaving was the best thing that could happen to her, even if she didn't realize it.
Somehow, I'd come to depend upon John's presence in my life, as if it were a given.
Now, the sea represented such agony and pain.
"Anyway, Garrett was deceptively open, except about the things that mattered.
"What are you doing here?" she asked instead because she honestly wasn't sure how to answer him, not when she wasn't sure what "this" was.
Her worst nightmares were coming true right before her eyes and there was nothing she could do to stop it from happening.
And I remember what you didsaving that diver man.
"She authorized everything from Jamerson's position to the transfers, opened accounts, closed them, and made sure that Lucas had access to everything that he needed," Andi explained as she gestured to the monitor.
"I'm so fucking sorry, baby," he whispers, over and over, into my hair as he clutches me tight.
Mermaids can't talk to birds any more than humans can."
No mermaid in her right mind would be on land during a storm this strong, and her mother had less faith than most that Mari would be able to handle things on land, though she gave Mari more freedom than most others got.
God, she must think he was an idiot.
"When I was able to turn that twenty into two hundred dollars, it made me think that I could turn his life savings into a small fortune.
Everything about him screams that he's in a world of pain, and I have the urge to go to him, to touch his shoulder and offer support.
She knew he saw the truth.
Standing not a hundred feet away, beside the giant slide, was Inna.
Despite being such a small operation, the music library is vast.
Music is my one and only love.
I wish I knew how to help him.
He lets his head drop back against the top of the sofa and groans.
I'm dimly aware of them landing in a corner somewhere.
John turns and pulls, gathering me close, and I let him.
Could things get any more complicated?
And how scared she was, despite her attitude.
I want him to brand me.
Fuck, he's strong.
She spat at the sunrise.
Ah, her own gull army, armed with sharp beaks and a piercing battle call...
Loving the way my name sounds in his husky, lust-soaked rumble, I hum around him and draw up to circle the tip with my tongue, glad I picked the rubber with the cherry-flavored lube.
I see no reason to lie.
Studio A is a mess with tools and supplies strewn about the floor.
Red, of course.
He needed to get the bar repaired, move out, and sign the papers.
He must not have the air-conditioning on.
And you're a prude."
Either that, or there's an earthquake and the epicenter is under my feet.
"Don't need one," Andi said, shrugging it off as she continued making her way down the poorly lit street.
We share a smile, and it feels like a secret between us.
"Yes," Devyn said, shrugging it off since he hadn't been left with much of a choice.
I see it, and I feel the same.
She hadn't been honest with him.
"I don't want to talk about my family, Chase.
I hope it's because you're happy to have me in your arms."
Our last conversation on the subject had him going on the defense.
"Say it again.
She closed her eyes and listened to him breathe, the timbre of his voice deep and gravelly as it resounded in his chest.
"I love you," she said, turning her head so that she could watch him.
I just want to make you feel good."
I was a precocious child, and my mother had a hard time keeping me out of trouble.
"And if they tried this before, then they might have left more than a fake name behind."
Being in his arms, held only by him, felt good.
The cheerful weather gal came onscreen, smiling and perky as always.
Even with white walls, the light barely reflects.
It's wonderful!
"By the way, I've been listening to your overnights.
Your mother was a fool to let you play human games.
"Sounds reasonable."
And you'll like it.
Whatever had happened, whatever breakthrough he'd had, he was happy about it.
He can probably find a better spot than this one.
Like someone's trying to break through a door that's been bolted shut.
Is that better?"
But from the moment he mentioned his ex-wife, I relegated him to the fantasy reel in my mind.
He's selling the bar and moving far away.
Love them, but I deserve something a little more obscene."
She'd grown to know him betterespecially once he ditched his snarky girlfriendbut he hadn't seemed to notice her "that way," even when she rented the small shop space on the first floor of his bar, in part to be closer to him.
The only upgrade I've made to the Gremlin is the sound system, removing the old cassette rigging and adding a CD player with an input jack for my mobile phone.
He flipped channels until he got to the weather.
I bloody love this song.
He was safe from water.
Her effect on him wasn't in question.
She'd have to wait until she got home, Andi realized, feeling her shoulders drop with a disappointed sigh only to end up worrying her bottom lip between her teeth as her attention shifted to the files that Roman Palms Hotel provided them for the audit.
"You have no idea what I know about your navy man," he whispered.
Way to divert the conversation.
"You'll be passed out in twenty," I retort.
I shift my eyes away from John and meet Dyer's.
"Frankie," he pants as his hips flex.
He leaned back onto the couch and stared at the dark ceiling with bits of stray candlelight wavering over it in pulses and beats.
He's hot, and watching a hot guy do manual labor is definitely something worth salivating over.
Her mother raised a hand and pointed to Inna.
After you've been doing it a while, it becomes second nature.
His headlamp illuminated the flash of another diverhis brotherin the grasp of a large tangle of tentacles.
"Come to my bed, Nightingale," he husks, and my dick jerks in my jeans.
Couldn't be more perfect.
Was he planning to tell you down the road?
But the duvet is almost on the floor."
As soon as the little prick saw him, he'd made his move.
He crushed his lips to hers and she tried to keep up with his tongue.
The Guardian of Blackbird Inn
She looked fragile, and the hurt from loss clearly tore at her.
His eyes are hot on my face as I slide the last remaining piece of clothing between us down his legs, and he kicks it off.
Surely we aren't the only ones left."
But with him beside her, they'd face the world together.
"It's really cool of you to take this on alone.
Well, maybe my cousin Roger.
It stared back at him in the mirror most mornings.
Carta Hotels' Corporate Building
They did have something special.
"We're friends.
Light poured in at the top of the room from windows placed to cause the most reflection on the funhouse mirrors.
He drank a sip of his beer, then set the bottle on his knee and held it with his fingertips.
She stomped her feet and flailed her arms and the man stood there with his arms crossed.
"My mother is going to be angry with me, and he may kill me."
"Yes," Andi said, reaching for his belt and making sure that leaving this bed was the last thing on his mind.
There's no anger, only confusion.
"I almost died there," she said with a solemn nod, making his lips twitch.
A rope ladder led from the floor to the third story of the building.
Like, if he kisses me or says anything at all to me, I'll lose myself in this.
I ignore the lewd gesture that Dyer throws my way when he realizes where we're going.
I've never been into the bar scene.
"Relax and listen," he said.
I feign ignorance, of course, because I'm a coward.
Biting gently.
The contractor isn't giving you any grief?"
And he'd never expect me to marry Inna."
Everyone keeps asking when we're going to patch things up.
The silence stretches between us because I don't know how to answer.
Chapter 20
You won't believe it even if you happen to believe what I've told you up to now."
His heart thudded and his groin responded with an echoing throb.
But he didn't have a choice.
That voice was familiar.
I don't see any major damage."
His shoulders eased and for an instant, he relaxed.
"You had Chase's brother killed.
"Good, thanks.
"Plus, I don't want to have to clean the bar again tomorrow.
Just don't let him break your heart, okay?"
In the darkness, he could barely see, and his hands shook as he pushed aside stacks of boxers.
"Be back when I'm clean."
"Or maybe he didn't come back to see her."
How could they overcome such an obstacle?
"I've never wanted any woman the way that I want you," he whispered in her ear as he slid a finger inside her.
Gasped when she saw the stack of files that he was holding in his right hand.
Otherwise, I'll run.
I am not going there.
"Are you sure he's straight?"
His hands shook and he clenched his fingers, trying to steady his grip.
Her thoughts going wild again, that's all.
Well, if you were going to be wrong, be wrong about Paris.
Wind boomed in long, slow rumblings as the storm neared and the rain picked up.
"Last one," Devyn said as the automatic doors slowly slid open only to reveal an empty lobby with water-stained walls and a clerk that didn't look happy to see them.
"The shop is too low, and those little stilts aren't going to keep you dry if the storm's bad.
When had he come back?
She decided to take the stairs when she was hit with a really disturbing combination of body odor, feet, old cigarettes, and other things that she couldn't identify.
"No, not a ghost.
"And you're more popular than I thought."
"At least in the beginning, they were inseparable."
It would cost a lot to rebuild, and the island wasn't an elite tourist destination by any meansnot a lot of money in the coffers.
He has a smile for the man, but it isn't the one he'd just given to me.
She just wanted to find something that she loved doing.
That was why she longed for someone else's touch.
No time for such thoughts.
Or maybe it's only uncomfortable to me, because John's smile is still plastered to his full mouth.
And I met the owner, Rick."
Luke would have absolutely loved Mari.
He rolled her under the coffee table, then moved toward the broken window, staying out of the wind's path as it roared into the bar.
As soon as she was on her feet, he was kissing her again as he picked her up and pressed her against the wall.
John sighs like the weight of the world is on his broad shoulders.
"You...when you held me, it had been the first time anyone's done that for me in a long, long time."
He bends his head to kiss me full on the mouth, and I melt.
A crash sounded in the darkness, and she sat up and tried to see through the half-light.
When she was done, Andi said, "They're in debt.
"Maybe I can help this time."
She could sell seashells by the salty seashore on a red-checked blanket if she wanted.
John is cursing, babbling, clawing at me.
He had a reputation for setting impossibly high standards and expecting his employees to do whatever it took to meet them, and as long as he didn't try sticking her in the accounting department, that was fine with her.
John has "top" written all over him, even if he hasn't experimented with either topping or bottoming.
John follows but keeps his distance.
"Stop with the threats and do it."
Strange, since all he'd felt since the funeral was icy coldness and pain.
Irritation boiled in his stomach, replacing the sexy butterflies that had danced there moments ago.
He remembered doing it.
John walks in right after I take my first sip of the beer.
He pushed the thought away.
"You always smell so good," he says into my neck.
"It's good," he groans.
No matter what happened, he'd made the choice to be with her and that meant everything.
"I have a soft spot for Santa, but by January, most people are sick of Christmas.
Not sure when he commissioned it to be painted, or if family did, but probably when he was wealthy, and before he was dead.
"Are you listening to my set?"
"Depends on whether you want sex or sorrow."
I blow a stream of warm air over the sensitive tip, and his eyes snap shut on a moan.
She closed her eyes as he touched her cheek, and it took all his reserve to not pull her into his arms.
He refused to let the fear take over.
This is the safest response when you're asked this question by a DJ or musician.
"Who are you texting?" Andi managed to get out through clenched teeth, really hoping that he wasn't texting who she thought he was.
"Fighting what?"
"I think it had something to do with the letter," Thomas said, looking fucking exhausted.
Really good.
Leave the bar, the island, her.
"Let's go out and grab a bite to eat," I suggest a little too loudly.
Christopher pulled her close, his body meeting hers from shoulder to hip.
Both had tempers and no telling which one would win in an actual fight.
"Come on, Nightingale, let's get cleaned up."
It'd take more than music, but it would happen.
After pressing a loud, wet kiss on the side of my neck that has me hardening immediately, he lets me go.
Lots of cultures still hold on to their native traditions.
The relaxed, mellow sound of his voice slides into my veins like a shot of brandy, warm and comforting, instantly putting me at ease.
She had to keep the two men apart.
No point in talking under the waterit'd take twice as long to have the conversation and that meant Inna would be around for twice as long.
There hadn't been any red flags raised.
His hair is a little greasy, and I don't think he's shaved since I last saw him.
"You're welcome," Devyn murmured, realizing just how lost he'd be without her.
When she parted her lips and slipped her tongue into his mouth, he groaned and pressed her against the railing.
He handed her the box and she backed to the couch and sat, her gaze not leaving the precious cargo.
"But Ms. Taylor," one reporter says, his suit as ill-fitting as his toupe.
"Have you been to Kansas?"
"Then we have a problem because I don't think that I can help you unless you do."
I suddenly want to know a whole lot more about the man I've been spending my nights with, though admittedly not the way I might like to spend them with a guy this attractive.
This feeling of being possessed, treasured, I've never had it.
John removes his hand from my hair, and I miss the contact.
The cool metal of the necklace dropped against her warm neck, and he pushed her hair back and planted the softest kiss on her shoulder.
One that didn't include falling in love with a woman that absolutely terrified me," he said, making her go still.
There was no way in hell that they should have missed the fact that Hillshire Hotels was bankrupt, but somehow, they had and he wanted to know why.
He's my landlord and it's in my best interest to be here if I'm needed."
I hit my listeners with Slip by Elliott Moss, letting them know just how far down the rabbit hole I'm willing to go.
"I honestly didn't think the building would sell quickly.
I may need to have a chat with Dyer.
"This isn't a game to me, Andi."
Vacations filled with sunburns and seashells.
"Frank Llewellyn, this is John Burton.
I've worked so hard and now... What if I lose it all?"
Instead of moving the fabric, he nuzzled her and nipped through the cloth of the sundress.
"She decided that the position wasn't a good fit," Devyn said, deciding against using the reason Miss Jenkinson gave when she quit since most of it had been mumbled incoherently, and the rest...
From what he's told me, he missed qualifying for the London games by milliseconds.
"I thought the first storm bands weren't coming in until tomorrow evening."
Chase glanced at the door.
Then it was gone, replaced by the icy breath of fear and doubt.
I grew close with the family, you see."
"Yes, but it's also losing money," Andi said, pointing to the figures.
You're so dense sometimes."
Who consistently hangs out with a friend at one in the morning?
He hadn't thought about his training in ages.
It felt like the sea and land were one, and she savored the familiar feeling.
She closed her eyes for a moment, then opened them when Chase's lips met hers, sending a new electricity shooting through her.
"He was here twice yesterday."
Things can be replaced.
And Mari had weathered the storm to save her shop and apartment when she had another home safe and sound under the water.
Why couldn't she understand that they couldn't be together?
My grandfather, my father, my brother...all taken too early by the ocean.
If only she could go for a swim, storm be damned.
He nods and picks up his menu.
It's soft, lulling.
Being with John is like standing at the edge of a great cliff overlooking clear, turquoise waters.
"Just do what I showed you and you should be fine.
I squeeze his bicep.
"You let yours grow out?"
I raise a shaky hand to beckon the waiter before John has a chance to answer, even though I know his answer is yes.
No way she'd ever stay on land for another storm, not if she had any choice.
At least Lucas was thorough, Devyn thought as he hung up and sent another email to the IT department, letting them know that he had one more task for them to take care of.
"I really think that went without saying."
He turned up his beer and took a long swig.
Then I'll swim home on my own."
"Helping you," Devyn said as he continued pulling the comforter away, watching as the incredibly adorable woman that he couldn't seem to get enough of slowly appeared.
"He'd wither to hear you say that.
Set it on that top shelf by the plates, I guess."
She dragged herself up, hand then hand then foot then foot.
It's enormous, isn't it?
Could it all be true?
The necklace would clinch the storyif it were real.
"You have roommates?"
He turns his head to look at me, and I can see how spooked he still is.
He'd been so fucking close...
"Distant relatives, but still related.
I lean on the door frame between the two booths, taking a moment to admire the work he's done.
"Hurricanes spawn tornadoes too."
He squeezed her arm then stared out over the dark sea.
He stared out into the darkness, and she examined his profilesharp, strong, yet soft and vulnerable.
The tattoo rippled with each movement, and she reached out to him.
She moved in front of him, walking backward.
I watch the wheels turning, grinding to a halt when he can't find anything.
Some rescuer he was, not able to stand on a beach.
Closing my eyes, I take a deep breath and return to the article.
The icy cold air of the building's interior grabs me by the nipples before I can even take a step inside.
So in awe of his big, stupid heart, I can't see straight.
Heat filled her and anger slithered up her abdomen, washing away her fear.
Not after all we've been through."
Hard to believe he didn't have a girlfriend.
He poured another glass of Scotch and drank it in one swallow, savoring the heat as it streaked from his mouth to his stomach.
Drumming her fingers on the surface, she's silent for a full minute.
She looked like a cornered tigress.
A bit lands on his chin, and I lower my head to lick it off.
Mist hung in the air.
"He's always been there for me," Andi mumbled absently, noting the lamp by the bed with a satisfied sigh.
"Y-you don't like short hair?"
Any warm water left?"
Between us, our skin is slick and sticky, but I can't be arsed to care.
It was a risk, but his soul ached to express his pain, have someone understand.
"Don't British at me," he scolds, fanning himself.
She paused before answering, twirling a long strand of hair around her fingertip.
Mari looked over her shoulder to see if Chase was out on the deck.
She'd been dumped.
Philly isn't convenient for him, and Doylestown isn't practical for me, so I'm not sure where we would even live, but I'm hoping we'll figure that out.
It would be so easy for me to fall in love with this man and knowing that terrifies me.
Warm hands slid up the backs of his arms and he jerked away.
That I'll get a Christmas miracle.
He smiles, and I realize he's looking at me closely.
He kisses me before I can respond.
The phones blink nonstop.
She laughed and shook the image away.
Once the authorization was secured, the transfer was scheduled to return and then the money would disappear like clockwork.
We had lunch a couple of times, you already know about that.
Garrett's hand falls away from me.
"Why don't you stay at my place this weekend?"
"Now, we just have to find out who our mystery man really is," Andi said with a satisfied sigh.
In silence, they wended through the last bit of an outdoor walled maze to the fun house exit.
"Yeah, I'm not a fan of social media.
He shoved her to the sand and crouched over her.
I don't know where to begin."
"Let's check out the Ferris wheel," he said.
"We are, but I'm more of a silent partner, working in the background where it's nice and warm," she rushed to explain while he stood there watching as his fingertips moved over her thighs.
"That happened once, at a party.
Patrick Fosse.
John's laugh is deep and rich, and his face lights up with his joy, even in the low light of the streetlamps.
Her breath caught as she cupped his ass, pulling him closer as he moved faster, taking her harder as the pleasure tearing through his cock had him biting back a curse as he broke off the kiss and-
"Just don't step on Simon's toes," she warns.
She'd go home and see her mother and ride the storm while under the waves like a good little mermaid.
This afternoon."
Beastly birds.
Chase bent, arms out, ready to attack, and Inna squatted to retaliate.
Her vision swirled with purples and greens, wavering and flashing like waves broken by sunlight, then settling back to normal.
Talk about screaming "doom"if he had to listen to her singing, she'd be doomed.
But it doesn't matter now.
I lose my tongue looking at him, and in the broad light of day, it's become downright embarrassing.
I think this is the first time I've used his given name and not Johnny or John-boy.
Probably tried to stick her in the accounting department, he thought even as he had to admit that he was tempted to do the same.
It had her name, birthday, address, next of kin and a list of employers that didn't match her resumé.
Her apartment.
My mind supplies Beck as the soundtrack.
His face and neck flush a dark red, and that's when I know he's ready for more.
"Kiss me or put me down."
Thankfully, after the bitter breakup, Kelly had packed her stuff and moved back to Baltimore.
"You look so good between my legs," he says, his voice rough with arousal.
His nostrils flared as he breathed and leaned in, inches from her face.
Johnny lifts his head and bends his knees, meets my eyes.
That had been followed by her refusal to leave the airport, ten minutes to convince her to make the short trip from the door to the car, and countless reassurances that she wasn't developing hypothermia.
You feel something for this guy.
She was so fucking wet, Devyn thought as her lips found his again.
He was tempted, more than a little fucking tempted, to put this deal off until after his contract was renewed, but that wasn't an option.
I need to move this along.
He greets me with a smile and holds out his hand for me to shake.
After a quick search, Andi settled on a historical adventure that looked promising, grabbed her juice box and baggie of cookies out of her bag and settled on the beanbag.
Tonight's is a true head-scratcher.
"You poor bastard," Drew said, chuckling as he tossed a chip into his mouth and headed for the door, leaving Devyn standing there, watching as the woman that was driving him crazy dropped down on the couch with a satisfied sigh.
He smiled when Andi released a shuddering sigh, clearly getting desperate at this point.
I've forgotten all about John, and it seems as if he's forgotten about me too.
"Not happening," Devyn said, not bothering to look up from the notes that she'd made last night.
Shifter Wars:
Contrary to what movies portrayed, birds didn't talk to mermaids any more than they talked to people.
When have they ever let you down?"
"Which is where James Jamerson comes in," Andi said, immediately grabbing his attention in a big fucking way.
"If that means I'm pulling your leg, I guarantee you, I'm not.
But the people were strong and believed in the town.
Mari adjusted her hair clip, ducking her head to hide her smile.
I straighten and clear my throat.
With a muttered curse, she climbed onto the table and grabbed it before Lucas, who looked stunned, had a chance to snatch it away.
Way to go, asshole.
I'll take the dishes to the kitchen.
His tremors had subsided, but already, his cock was begging for more.
"We'll do the best we can."
"Last one, then the heavy work is done."
"A way to fix this," Andi said, making him chuckle without humor because there was no fucking way to fix this.
There's no heat in his voice, so I grin at him.
Things would be back to normal in a couple days at most.
"Why are you afraid of this guy, anyway?
"M'fine," I manage, reaching again for my glass of water.
More than fine in fact since it meant that she could-
For a minute, Andi debated going to get it, but she preferred to sit there and pout instead.
I look up at the screen, and my smile widens.
"I've never been to Scotland, or anywhere, really."
He wanted to finish the cleanup work and get off the island entirely.
Pressing one last kiss against his chest, Andi did what she was asked only to moan when his soapy hands covered her breasts.
He isn't wearing a uniformor a shirt."
Inna tightened his grip and Chase struggled to break free.
Now that he'd given in again, he didn't ever want to stophe belonged here in this moment with her where everything was right and good.
All that did matter was the energy flowing between them, this moment, this quiet night with no electricity but all sorts of sparks.
"Somewhere new?"
He lay against her, pressing the length of his warm body against hers.
Or Montana or wherever."
"I don't know why anyone would want to.
What stupidity had made her think Inna wouldn't take the opportunity to kill Chase while he was defenseless on the beach?
Though most merpeople weren't allowed to leave, since Mari's mother was queen, she was given a bit more leeway.
John surges up and kisses me, sweetly at first, but then our mutual hunger kicks back in.
A loud groan sounded from the far end of the room.
He held his face and bent down, then lunged toward Inna and onto another platform, but Inna met him, holding his shoulders in place.
And there it is, my real fear.
He pulls me into him and plunders my mouth again.
The spot stings, but not for long.
She certainly would never have believed that Inna was on a revenge mission with Chase his target. Or that he'd had Luke killed.
It looks like a graduation picture, and John's baby face makes me smile.
I want to ask him to move in.
It's a small confession, but his eyes light up with delight.
I hadn't, and Dyer sees this on my face.
She had plenty to keep her busy between searching through Carta Hotels for Devyn, finishing the project that she'd started for Roman Palms, and the project that she was working on for Hillshire Hotels, simply because she couldn't help herself.
"Mom, I need to go.
Like leap across the room, yank open his jeans, and swallow his cock down the back of my neck.
He'd follow me.
Some believe it's a hoax."
A moment later, the car was pulling away from the curb as Devyn rubbed his hands roughly down his face.
"That really doesn't explain why you quit," Andi said, releasing his hands so that she could fold her arms over her chest while she waited for an answer.
The air, still thick with post-storm humidity, washed over him like a curtain of salty water.
"Well," he says, kissing his way up my body until he reaches my mouth.
I mean, they're not so calloused that I wouldn't want them on my bare skin.
Her mouth went dry at the sight.
Luke would have defended her too.
What is happening right now?
"Or..." she said, her eyes alight with mischief.
Her vision crashed, and bubbles rose as she flicked her tail in the strong current.
We're over.
It's written all over his face, but... Just thinking of everything I don't know about him sends sharp pain shooting through my abdomen.
"Have you seen my keys?"
At the water's edge, the structure appeared sound, but about fifteen yards out into the surf, the pier looked like a giant sea creature had taken a bite, then spit out the remains in the water.
I'm going to come in about three seconds, and there's nothing I can do about it.
I don't dwell on the concept.
He wondered if she would have been like Andi.
"The accounting department needs to use bigger fonts," Andi said, really hoping that he hadn't already guessed that Devyn showed her the file.
They didn't make two billion in profit last year.
"I know this about you," his voice sends goosebumps racing across my skin.
"In the spring.
She wiggled her toes in the wet sand.
"And?" he asked, throwing her a questioning look as he tossed the book back on the coffee table to join the other books that she was really hoping would be enough to help her keep this job.
He flips them on, all eight of them, with one switch.
"We've got time," Devyn murmured with a pointed look at the long line of cars waiting for valet service as they pulled into the driveway leading to Roman Palms Hotel.
"I'm not staying at a competitor's hotel, Miss Dawson."
The needle bumps up against the label of the album before I gently lift it and set it on its cradle.
Been there for him when it seemed he'd needed someone.
"It's fine," Devyn said, waving it off because he knew from the start that if anything went wrong with this deal that the blame would be laid at his feet.
If Chase saw Inna...
He tore open the foil packet and rolled the condom on.
When I get to the station the Monday night, I turn off the phone lines and indulge my pain.
"I'll always be grateful to him for that."
"I never took you as high maintenance."
"I'll be right backlet me grab my beer."
Who would have ever guessed that things would get this complicated?
I'm also blinded by the neon pink cardigan our receptionist is wearing.
The surf must have torn it in half because the broken parts lay scattered along the beach.
Be sure to thank them for that."
The desolation in his voice had me moving closer.
John smiles at me, then turns back to his work.
After my uncle found out and promised not to spank my ass, I crawled out from underneath the bed, logged into the investment accounts that I took upon myself to open for them and showed them what I was able to do.
"My father was the first one to split.
She wasn't at the station, her apartment, or his, but he was hoping like hell that she was here, sitting on his couch completely fucking oblivious to the fact that she'd scared the hell out of him.
End of story."
My question brings a sad smile to his face.
Deep down, I'd always known.
He shakes his head, his eyes locked in mine.
"I love funnel cake."
"One day, after a particularly vicious argument with Shelly, Patrick sat me down in his office.
Despite the storm, and despite Inna, the time he'd spent with her had been comfortable and excitingif feeling the two things at the same time was possible.
A rumbling shook the bar like an earthquake, and he dropped to the ground, dragging her flat onto the floor with him.
Frowning in confusion, she glanced down at her watch and felt her shoulders slump when she saw how late it was only to realize what Devyn had just said.
Over the past week, they'd gone through every file, looking for anything that would justify putting off this meeting, but everything was exactly the way that it was supposed to be, destroying every last concern that he'd had about this deal.
Even from across the room, I can see the fear in his eyes.
"I'm coming, Luke," he whispered.
It had been a skinny red-headed waif who didn't look strong enough to lift a paintbrush, let alone finish the shelving that John had started.
Other than the work he's doing for us, I know nothing about the man.
It was pure luck that a friend told me about WKMP, one of the last independent stations on the East Coast.
Moaned as her hands fisted into the sheets when she felt Devyn's hands slide beneath the towel.
Have I mentioned how much he unnerves me?
The glide is smooth, perfect.
Did hookers get benefits?
For a moment, Andi simply sat there, glaring at her uncle before she shifted her attention to her new desk and-
"Yes," he says, searching my eyes.
He's just fucking edible.
To think."
I like most things and I'm not allergic to shellfish."
With that in mind, she leveled one last glare at him, grumbled something that even she didn't understand, went to grab her bag as she moved to stand up and found herself sitting on Devyn's lap.
"Better hurry," he said.
For all he knew, she and her mother went target shooting with cannons.
"How was I supposed to tell you?"
The bar top was ablaze, and the alcohol bottles had started popping in the heat, fueling the fire more.
"We can pretend.
I wouldn't call it dancing because it really isn't.
Strange and confusing, but good.
She liked numbers, they always came easy to her, but she wanted to try something new, something that didn't require her to spend the rest of her life trapped in a cubicle doing something that she hated.
Mari sighed and closed her eyes, savoring the heat radiating from Chase's body.
"It's a small eye if it's passing in less than thirty minutes."
I haven't been with a virgin since I was sixteen.
That's also when they'd discovered that Ben had been helping Lucas all along.
Tore a loud moan from the incredibly beautiful woman that he couldn't seem to get enough of as he slid his tongue inside her.
I've spent innumerable hours browsing through them, uncovering old gems and discovering new favorites.
"After Miss Dawson discovered that Hillshire Hotels was on the verge of bankruptcy, I asked her to have a closer look at the project.
We need to be quiet and hope he leaves.
I'm sure of it.
"Please lock the door," she said.
"Thank you," Andi murmured with a sniffle even as she couldn't help but admit that this might be for the best.
His fingers wind their way into the curls at the nape of my neck, warm and insistent, and they feel so fucking good that I close my eyes.
When he licked his lips, she turned to hide the fact that her mouth hung open.
He'd never met anyone like her, Devyn thought as he took in the stacks of folders covering the coffee table, end tables, kitchen counters, and nightstands, and had absolutely no doubt in his mind that she'd already torn through each and every one of them.
He sets a brutal but steady rhythm, driving me rapidly toward the finish line.
Good diversion, Chase.
But something has happened, something that has John rattled.
If their roles were reversed, he'd want nothing more than for Luke to be happy, and he'd be pissed as hell if Luke gave up on someone like Mari.
If she was going to get Chase to stay in town, she needed a better plan than sex.
"But I love my job," she mumbled pathetically.
At the risk of being near the water.
"You could have been killed!"
"Looks like you lost it all," she said.
John pulls back the curtain and starts the shower, adjusting the temperature until he's satisfied.
Mari stretched to stick the suction cup of the last stained-glass ornament onto the storefront window.
He watched her spinning on the beach, arms out and head back, her hair swinging out around her.
Why am I panicking?
Hot and hard and desert dry.
His question isn't a new one, I get it all the time.
Grab hold of it and feel it in your soul.
"Ooof!" He sputters and coughs, wiping his chin with his hand and trying not to laugh.
"I see," is all I can manage.
"Need to charge it," he continued.
I've never done as much gasping as I have since I met this man.
He moved faster, nearly pulling out with each thrust.
And danger.
I want to pull him into my arms and do everything I can to show him he is wanted.
"That's no way to maintain any healthy relationship, much less a marriage."
He'd think about that later.
"Maybe," Andi mumbled as he teasingly brushed his lips against hers again.
Once Kelly left, Mari hoped to be the next in line, but he hadn't asked her out or shown any more interest than before.
And bring the contract so I can burn it.
At least it appeared Inna had stolen pants.
She must have married and had kidsotherwise, you wouldn't be here."
Trying not to panic and admittedly failing miserably, Andi kept reaching back even as she tried to pull away, twisting and turning as she struggled to ignore the way that her lungs burned, desperate for air.
But it's hard.
Not a little hand stutter, but a full-on both arms in the air and jumping up and down.
His other hand drops to my thigh, the fingers tensing over my muscle there.
It's all I can give him.
"Yes, I do," she whispered, never more terrified of anything in her life than she was in that moment as she waited for him to say something.
Stay safe and come home soon."
He pulled her along and they ran to the back side of the fun house ticket booth then stopped.
He seemed to be picking up speed, like a movie stuck on fast-forward.
He grabbed the light and switched it on and a long, cold beam cut across the bar.
His hands splay across my skin, sure and possessive.
With a final shove and strangled groan, he came, holding her hips tightly.
I file that bit of information away for later.
It comes out in a rush.
The trust, the belief that I'll do right by him, it floors me.
He fingered the pearl necklace, dragging it across her warm skin.
"How are you feeling?"
He couldn't let Inna hurt herevery protective instinct he had reared up and roared at the thought.
Long and thick, he was perfect.
Kneeling between his spread legs, I take him in.
And you'll soon be part of my family."
He stepped into the shower, letting the barely warm water pummel the strains of desire away.
He turns his face back to the crowd.
"Word spread quickly after the Hillshire Hotels disaster.
"What was it like, growing up in Scotland?"
He needed a massage.
Anxiety and all."
No matter what her mother said.
She followed, rushing over to the covered cart lowest on the big ride.
The key to controlling him was all about tolerance and restraint.
He sucks on my tongue, hard, as he pumps into my fist, and I moan like a porn star.
She closed her eyes, concentrating on her breathing, slow and long.
When will you leave?"
His family will pay for what they did."
"I need to clean up debris around the bar.
I don't call him, prolonging the moment before I hear his voice again.
When she found the discharge papers from the emergency room, Andi picked them up only to frown when she read through the list of injuries that he'd somehow accumulated overnight, a concussion, stitches, bruised ribs, and abrasions on the back of his hands.
No more Kansas talk.
He squeezed the glass, wishing it would break in his hand.
Tiny white shells hung on his braids and clacked together as he walked.
And we're boarded up tight and up off the ground.
How he asked me out and everything since.
Before we were together, he was a bit of a slut.
The deadline is in less than a week and a half," Lucas pointed out, sounding bored as he typed a message on his phone.
My cock has the nerve to twitch in my shorts.
She and Chase would swim eventually.
Who wouldn't?
He needed to know the truthChase was his cousin, albeit distant.
I'm going to wash up first."
"I'm sure you're tired, so I'll hold it.
"Oh, yeah," John steps backward.
Garrett doesn't see the station as a career and is always pushing me to do something more.
"But, I would have!"
She scooped the necklace up in her hand and a warm tingle of electricity rushed through her.
So many rules."
There's that.
Chase tried not to stare as Mari wolfed down her sandwich.
The corner of his mouth lifts into a smile that is dead sexy.
She couldn't understandthis was his burden to bear.
Despite my offer to help, I'd never paused my stride, and I'm almost to the front door when he yells out a goodnight.
"Which makes me wonder, why did they fire me?"
It was her people's fault that his brother was dead.
I want to melt at the sight of it, but I have to keep reminding myself that this man isn't into me that way.
I nod, wondering why he has to work himself to the bone.
Gods, it was good to see him smile.
Chase was going to stay on the island!
"Yeah, and we still have the worst to go through."
That would explain the sense of movement.
It's going to be a very interesting summer, I think to myself.
I think the song is about longing.
"It's chilly out there in the wind and rain.
We've been fighting with them and got them to agree to coverage.
Got to find the phone and get it charging; it might be the only method of communication tomorrow.
I want him to suffer."
Too much desperation.
"It will be fine," Devyn promised as he picked up their keycards.
My life was all set, you see.
I love every inch of the station's Berber-carpeted walls, flickering fluorescent lights, and early nineties décor.
Pointless to think about what-ifs when all that mattered was what was.
All rights reserved under the International and Pan-American Copyright Conventions.
"Then, it's settled?" she asked, sounding really fucking hopeful as he began slowly pulling off her panties.
I'll be home another day.
"What happened?" Devyn asked, pulling in behind a silver BMW.
He was done playing by their rules.
I can sink into the music and let everything else go.
He set the whole mess on the ground near the controls.
And it had nothing to do with what had happened to Luke.
And, fuck, that had hurt.
He shrugs, as if it's the most natural thing in the world, caring for a family that isn't his own.
If he was going to grope her, he wanted her to know it.
"How much space do you need to change clothes?"
"It also didn't hurt that thanks to you, we were able to use the last month to help increase the profits of twenty of Carta Hotels' properties."
"It tells me the truth, always.
"No," I protest, even as I lower myself to his lap.
And whether you believe me or not, I do care about you and your safety."
And muttering.
He pulled his shirt off and tossed it aside as he made his way to that shower, his eyes never leaving the beautiful woman that had quickly become the most important thing in his life.
"I don't think it's a good idea to bring it up," she said, not sure that he'd be interested with everything going on.
"For the past two years, they've been hitting two of our hotels at a time, never the same hotel twice, and up until this point, they've been able to hide it.
Yes, it's a stupid question but I need some answers.
I still love Garrett.
The phones don't work," the clerk said, shrugging it off.
"And that didn't concern you?" Devyn asked, throwing her a questioning look as he turned onto the street lined with palm trees on one side and on the other, a breathtaking view of the ocean.
I slide them on, covering one ear entirely but leaving the other one open, just in case.
I'd recognize his voice even if I didn't know he was on-air before me tonight.
He pulled his feet off the table.
She'd slept naked in his arms but then woke up worrying about her store.
"As diverse as Scotland gets."
"It's urgent."
In fact, she'd been the opposite.
"I can't imagine what you're going through."
"I'm leaving now."
He kept doing that, pulling on her suit, trying to free her before he resurfaced just long enough to take another breath and came back for her.
I started skipping school and when I couldn't do that, I hid in the janitor's closet."
I like that he's genuinely curious.
It's the perfect temperature for my overheated skin.
"I don't like this at all," he said.
Not when she was finally getting Chase to relax.
I need to change that fucking pic.
She pushed against the pylon, the rough and barnacled wood scratching into her back as she moved to avoid his touch.
"And I will hold on until I feel his last breath."
He looks at me, searching for the words to explain what I've already guessed.
Easy to make her his.
I plop down, prop my feet up on her plastic, neon orange desk, and recline in the violently purple shag rug with legs that serves as a chair.
A loud crash echoed through the building and the power snapped off again.
"That could explain why they were hunting Christopher.
"I don't like sleeping alone," Andi said, shifting to get more comfortable as she watched him, taking in everything from his ruffled hair to the shirt that he'd put on after they got back from the emergency room and left unbuttoned, to the cuts on his fingers and found herself swallowing hard as she thought about how he got those cuts.
He knew, somewhere in his mind, that his reaction was not normal.
That could only end in bad things.
God bless Nicki.
Thanks be to heaven, I'm secure in your friend's company.
I think the bar's going to be okay."
"Your hands are enormous," I tease, hoping to lighten his mood.
She knew all about the tribal laws, but some of them were archaicand never enforced.
Inna stood on the same platform as Chase, a large, green circle with purple dots.
Me. On a straight guy.
And I know that I don't deserve one bit of it.
But the shrimp were delicious.
"Rebuild," he said.
Glasgow is a big city.
One in my hair, one against his skin, like he's trying to contain himself.
You could have at least called me to let me know what your plan was."
"You really left me with no choice," Lucas said as Devyn quickly sent Andi a text message.
She looked out toward the ocean, but Inna was over the dunes now and back on the beach, or maybe already in the water.
John, it seems.
Across the room, I see Nicki talking to the owner of the pub, Rick somebody or other.
"Yes," Andi admitted, licking her lips as her head dropped back against his chest.
There's only the pounding in my chest and the pulse of him inside me.
Mari leaned against the weathered railing and strained to see out over the hazy rain-soaked beachthe waves barely visible against the palette of grays.
He straightened the chain, relishing how warm it had become on her skin.
No doubt, the damage had happened with the worst of the weather gripping the island.
For the last week, my routine has stayed essentially the same, save for the one addition.
Chase had gone limp and his mouth hung slightly open.
TEACHER CLAIMS INNOCENCE IN SCHOOL SEX SCANDAL
John's taking measurements of some kind, stretching his arms wide with the tape and then scribbling in a notepad.
The ride would have been fun if she weren't running for her life.
I lean in and kiss his cheek, catching a whiff of fabric softener and rum.
She stepped backward into the darkness of the small room and bumped against the wall.
I tease the spot just under his crown, and he shudders.
"There are a ton of new places I haven't tried.
I never saw her.
Despite his obvious pain, I am delirious with the possibilities.
You're strong."
His family was, and yes, they are all responsible.
I could lose everything if it's a bad surge."
And Inna planned to murder Chase tooas soon as he could.
You're wrong to treat him like this.
The smell of rust and mud lingered in the stale air.
She needed to worry about reality now.
She smiled, and though it wasn't one of her full, all-out joyful smiles, a shiver of delight tickled him.
This time, the kiss turned hungry as soon as their lips touched.
I didn't want to have to argue with the girls, or anyone else, about what to watch.
She tried to sound casual, but her voice cracked.
There's nothing like having all of a man's passion, power, and control ready to unleash itself on you.
"But I was thinking about the day that you came into my life."
My car is paid off.
Did the crew accept Amelia?
The Game Plan
"No, I believe that will be all, Danni.
A freaking jerk with broad shoulders and a tight butt.
His pulse quickened and he pulled away, coldness settling in where she had been tight against him.
I wave off her troubled expression.
"God, I'm pathetic," Andi said, knowing that the first step was admitting that she had a problem.
"I find that hard to believe," I say, and it's true.
And then you need to either find a way forward with him or walk away for good."
For a man who, perhaps, is only now coming out of the closet, he's remarkably comfortable with PDA.
He covered his mouth and nose with the T-shirt and dashed back inside.
See if it's hot."
They're entering the building even as we speak.
Give me another.
She put her hands on the wood, then turned and held it in place with her back.
Vanilla wafted through the small bedroom, warming it further.
It wasn't jalapeños.
He hadn't been wrong about her, it was obvious she was a good person.
His arms are so damned long, too, and corded with sinew and muscle.
And that was what his thoughts about Mari had to remain from here on out.
His words.
He couldn't make promises he wouldn't keep.
You make everything about your brother, and I think it's time to make something about me."
"I get tested every six months," I pant, squirming.
John brushes his lips across my cheek, my other cheek, my chin, my forehead, before resting his head on my shoulder.
He took the two remaining steps, eyes closed.
I guess they're not so bad.
I need to make sure I'm understanding him because this is not what I thought would happen tonight.
For the past month, hiding their relationship had been relatively easy.
Except Chase was her human.
"And," I continue, "you're such a neat freak that I can't leave an empty mug on the counter for five minutes without you either yelling at me to clean it or cleaning it up yourself."
He already does know.
"Right," Devyn said, leaning back in his chair as he tried to figure out how he was going to fix a mess this fucking big in four months.
I bury my face in the back of his jacket and band my arms around his torso, clutching him to me.
You can thank that TV show House, M.D., for that.
"Why didn't you take the day off?"
You're a coward and a bastard and I've never hated anyone as much as I hate you."
He rolled onto his back in the sand, laughing.
The Pyte/Sentinel Series:
"Besides that," Andi said, waving it off since that had been expected.
Satisfied that Inna was truly gone, he relaxed his shoulders in an exaggerated sigh.
Inna won't bother you again."
"To be honest, Frankie, I haven't been remotely interested in anyone until recently."
"That will make this easier," Andi said with a relieved sigh as he moved over her, giving her no other choice but to lie back on the floor.
He'd find out the truth and deal with it.
Where his body language has been tired but relaxed, he immediately tenses.
The night throbbed with life and energy.
The window had a hole in it and a limb poked throughstill leafy green and wet.
She didn't see his anger oftenat least not directed at her.
With no electricity, it would be impossible to tell if anyone was on the island unless she actually saw someone.
"You must be Andi.
"I usually do."
I carry gigabytes of music on my person at all times.
Leave her or ask her to go with him.
And after tonight, there would be no doubt who she was meant to be with.
"That, well...it's no trick, I just know a lot of songs."
"I'm fairly sure," I say.
"Humans are abominable creatures.
Your complaints are all about time, about how little you get to spend with her, but that's not the issue.
Chase was such a good man, and he'd be a welcome addition to her life, if only he'd stay.
It's The Eraser from Thom Yorke, edgy and mellow at the same time.
"That was incredible," he says as if he's just witnessed the miracle of life.
He could find someone else to love and cherish.
"Jesus Christ, Dyer, keep your bloody voice down."
Salt and dreams and the ocean breeze on a hot day.
I can't help it, he's fucking hilarious.
He wouldn't hurt her intentionally.
I grimace at the futility of the words.
He needed help and he didn't have time to go through all the bullshit required to hire someone new, so he enticed Ben to come work for him with the promise of an insane raise.
I will myself to relax even more, and then he's there.
Jesus, Joseph, and Mary, the man is delectable.
Why do you prefer to live here?
He couldn't be trusted to talk to anyone, much less forge relationships with people.
"Curiosity," Devyn murmured as he watched her, wondering what H.R. would have done if they'd found out about this unique skill of hers.
I grab my cock, slicking it up before I guide the tip to his quivering hole.
There was just something about her that made him forget about all the bullshit that he needed to do and just...breathe.
I duck my eyes, afraid he'll discover what a colossal crush I've developed on him.
What she was going to do was continue staring at him until he took the hint and-
Kissing, stroking...
And she'd felt how powerful his legs were when he was pushing into her earlier.
"No, you didn't, did you?" he said, still amazed that she'd stuck by him through all the long hours, stress, and the bullshit that he'd put her through, and she did it all without complaining.
For her sake.
"More so now than when I was a lad."
This one is HillshirHotel.com," Devyn explained, watching Lucas very closely.
Closing the door behind him, Devyn made his way to the couch and sat down next to her as he placed the large gift bag that he'd brought for her on the floor.
"We secured it well, you know that."
Once I start, I can't seem to stop talking.
And yet, a note of warning sounds in my head.
"You can watch him die."
He laces our fingers together, and a spike of longing goes through me.
"Then don't hurt me.
You'll listen to me or you won't appreciate what happens next.
He leaned against the deck railing, seemingly unaffected by their contact.
Her flip-flops crunched on the thin coating of sand covering the lower deck.
"It's at the bottom of the letter," Thomas said, gesturing to the letter in question.
For two years, their mysterious James Jamerson had been busy working behind the scenes, setting up fake employee files, an office, emails, bank accounts, altered files and when he couldn't do that, he'd destroyed them, leaving them struggling to piece together information and through it all, he'd somehow managed to stay one step ahead of them.
Eventually, he accepted the tattoo as a mysterious memorialthough no artist on the island claimed responsibility.
Because there's no such thing as pure silence, not unless you're in some sort of sensory deprivation tank.
I wasn't sure he was coming at all until I got his text saying he was on the way.
John finally turns his attention away from me and up to our overly enthusiastic server.
She didn't have a choice.
His hands found her ass as she shifted, moving on top of him until she had his cock pressed right where she wanted him.
She didn't want to take that risk.
"You were out cold for a minute, there," he says, smiling at me.
Though he does look pretty angry."
Her emotional facade was stronger than most people's.
A hot shower, once he got inland to a hotel, would go a long way toward easing his tension.
Believe me, I know.
I guess even I can tire of the city sometimes.
A blanket, really?
He's so warm, I want to sink into it and never leave, but I brace myself over him.
We'll go soon."
He sauntered off down the hall, not waiting for her reply.
Hell, maybe I'll buy a mine and become a miner.
I don't like them because the expectations are different.
"I told him he was now the king of the moon jellyfishhe'd been moon-branded.
When the wind shook the bar for minutes at a time, she'd felt pretty safe in her cocoon of warmth and conversation.
"It's what I said to you before, about your relationship with music.
How did he move away so quickly?
I can't stop the noise of protest from leaving my throat.
Under the blanket, she ran her fingertips over her tattoo.
It never even occurred to her to pack a dress or anything sexier than her Eeyore slippers.
A few surfers hung out in the water, trying to catch the forceful waves that rolled toward shore, but the beach itself was mostly empty.
"Yes, it does," Devyn murmured in agreement as he deepened the kiss, making it difficult to focus on anything else but just how good it felt to kiss her.
Too bad Mari couldn't sing well enough to lure the one man she wanted.
Her chest ached with the pain she'd caused Chase.
Do them all, I think.
"She'll be twelve on Halloween."
They'd had at least thirty minutes to warn people.
"Orgasmic, hmm?"
I want him too much, and I'm afraid of the wanting.
She scooted closer on the couch until her thigh pressed against his trembling leg.
"Five times," Abigail said after a slight hesitation.
I wanted a nice warm hotel room away from the water."
"I gathered as much," Devyn drawled as he leaned back in the leather chair that had up to twelve hours ago belonged to the general manager of Carta Castle Hotel located less than ten minutes from Carta Hotels' executive offices.
"I'll be back to pack after the storm, then sign papers when they're ready," Chase said.
Her voice retreated into the background and his breathing quickened.
"And since Patrick, have you...experimented with this side of your sexuality?"
And I plan to leavebut not yet.
"Lexi was on a waiting list, but they removed her when the insurance company deemed her ineligible.
He freezes and slowly brings his hands up to cover my bare arms.
I'll watch out for monsters."
"Good?" He asks, brushing my drying hair out of my face.
"No," she repeated, maybe a little too loudly.
"Speaking of which, how is He-Who-Shall-Not-Be-Named?"
She had a way of making him feel safe.
"This morning," Devyn murmured absently as he glanced back down at the daily report in his hands, noting that there was no mention of any of the phone calls that she'd missed today or the emails that she forgot to check.
She opened her mouth to tell him just how good he felt inside her, but she could only manage a moan.
I'm going to change the password, make it longer, change the password for the encryptions, and make copies of the files and place them in a new account and send links to a new email."
For one, I don't want to ruin our friendship.
Right now, was no time for thoughts of sex.
The liquor burns as it slides down my throat and into my stomach, but the burn settles me a bit.
Light rain misted every time the wind surged, and his shirt lay damp against his back.
I can't promise anything more than to try.
Although the bar had been without electricity for almost a day, the commercial bar freezer still held ice.
The kiss becomes rough and devouring, almost desperate.
Folded up on my couch, I only get hints of Garrett's six-pack under the thin cotton of his t-shirt.
It's just...
Not that she could blame him since she was standing there in her pajamas and her extra puffy Eeyore slippers.
Honestly, I don't think I could budge him if he didn't want me to, but he rises and  lifts his fathomless, bourbon eyes to mine.
"And when are you planning on doing this exactly?
I'm not stupid.
Despite being what some might consider a serial monogamist, I've not been on many actual dates.
"What's that spicy flavor in the cheese?
His voice scrapes and crawls over the words, and I can hear the fatigue.
When his lips met the soft material of her panties, Devyn groaned as he allowed her hard nipples to slide between his fingers.
Since she didn't have the valet stub that was going to be a problem, Andi thought even as she resigned herself to hunting Devyn down so that she could get her hands on that valet stub and get her bag.
Mated: A Paranormal Romance Shifter Anthology
Never wanting to let go.
He'd planned on taking her after their meeting, but apparently, the lure of fake snow and cheesy Christmas music had been too much for her to resist.
That all changed after he was hired and she decided that his job duties should include fucking her on command.
If he didn't get off the island soon, he'd lose his mind.
He followed, though having the sea at his back was not comforting.
"This islandthe wide, sandy beaches with every shell a boy could want, shark's teeth sprinkled along the waterline like rare gems, and a deep, blue-green ocean waiting to be exploredthe perfect nirvana."
"I think her kid busted his arm or something.
Pieces of the jagged wood bobbed on the waves and lay strewn on the shore.
Devyn was determined to turn things around and make sure that the board had no choice but to renew his contract, which she couldn't blame him for, but...
He'd wanted her to say that this Inna was a fucking nutjob and was saying things to upset her.
Music would help, it always did.
She stopped and turned to face him, tears running down her cheeks and her eyes hollow.
"Take your sister home," Devyn told Drew as he grabbed hold of Lucas and slammed him against the wall.
This is when you choose to tell me you fucking love me?
"Mari," he said, stopping a few feet from her.
She stepped over a shattered piece of pylon, white barnacles clinging to its side in a clumpy pattern.
"Once, eh?"
"Didn't love it?"
It didn't matter.
He hooks his legs over my hips, angling his pelvis up, and suddenly I'm all the way inside him.
If Luke were still alive.
Theirs' wasn't then and isn't now.
"Mind if I fix dinner?"
It's Garrett.
It was Inna's family's pattern, so Mesa was not merely Inna's tribe, he was close family.
She'd known things would work out.
Temporary and expensive, like most things in his life.
This moment was theirs.
"I'm terrified of pushing you too fast," I confess into the soft wool of his sweater.
"You'll find another location for Mermaid's Purse.
I know it all sounds far-fetched, but you look completely shell-shocked."
He put his hand on her knee and felt her muscles tense in his grip.
Easy to talk to," John says, and my face heats up.
She looked down at the floor where sunlight from the skylights made squares of gold, like sandbars in the shallows.
I didn't hear the cell phone."
"We could put the sofa there, across from the fireplace."
And ridiculous, though she supposed it did happen.
"Everything will be fine," Uncle Shawn promised her, giving her small hand a reassuring squeeze.
There's only Johnny, my John, and a bubble of silence around us.
I've missed him so fucking bad.
Speaking of plans...
He'd held her on the couch for a good part of the night, but that was him protecting her, right?
Since the ferry was the only way on and off the island, other than by small plane, he'd have no other choice if he were going to leave.
And by the hardness in his pants.
A sadness I hadn't noticed before.
He nods and slips his sunglasses back on.
My mom had dubious taste in music."
Time to derail that train of thought.
I run a nervous hand through my thick, black mane.
I wouldn't even know where to begin to look for him anyway, so I don't bother.
I pull the blanket tighter around me and plop down on the sofa.
"Yes, though I didn't see it for what it was, at first.
At least this explained why Devyn was suddenly eager to take a tour of Carta Hotels' holdings, Lucas thought, seeing the small woman that he'd planned on getting rid of in a whole new light.
I got fucked on this deal and I want to know why," Lucas said, sounding furious.
She gazed out near the middle of the pier and into the water.
Her fear changed to a panicked anger, and she wriggled her tail against his, slapping at him.
I'm drawn to him in every conceivable way.
Before he can respond, his phone rings.
For a moment, he considered going back to the office and crashing on the couch, but that was the last place that he wanted to be right now.
His whole face transforms with it, from brooding and mysterious, to open and inviting.
"I've been with women since Michelle," he says, calming down.
He hasn't kissed me like that since our first kiss.
He's thoroughly engrossed in the movie, and it makes me inexplicably happy.
With that in mind, he swiped open his iPad and went over the notes that they'd made for his final report.
I can feel the tremor in his hips as he struggles not to thrust up into my mouth.
"Because you called me when she was in the hospital, which resulted in hourly check-ins and me being forced to babysit the little pain in the ass to make sure that she was listening to the doctor, but now that you're here, I think I'm gonna head home and catch a few hours of sleep before my next shift," Drew said with a satisfied sigh as he got to his feet and headed for the door.
"I'm planning to head off the island after I ride some waves.
Late afternoon usually brought a few patrons, even in the off-season, but no one was on the deck today.
She also knows as much about music as I do, if not more.
"I don't belong to anyone.
"With extra bacon," he said as she ran her gaze over the rest of the selection, taking in the small tray of sliced fruit, the silver bowl filled with potato chips, glasses of chocolate milk, and-
He could be swept out to sea overnight, and he was thinking about fucking her to oblivion in his bed while the storm beat on the building.
She hated that she'd given him the satisfaction of making her ask questions, but she did want to know what Chase had supposedly done.
If I don't leave right now, I'm going to start sobbing again.
"If you do, then don't do this.
Would it ever be possible to regain that feeling?
She lifted her fingers to examine the injury but resisted touching.
"I was working extra jobs because I needed the money."
He'd moved up meetings, tore through files, worked through the night, and nearly lost his fucking mind.
At his questioning look, Nicholas said, "It's not exactly a secret that Carta Hotels' CEO is trying to make its hotels more profitable, but imagine my surprise when I heard that you were spending the night at one my favorite hotels."
"I want to feel you, all of you against me with nothing between us.
"I think you're right," Devyn murmured, brushing his fingertips along her back one last time as he somehow resisted the urge to press his lips against her skin, needing to make it better for her.
"She hasn't been to the office in the past month," Devyn bit out, wondering what fucking game Lucas was playing with him as he noted all the times that Andi's access code had been used to access Carta Hotels' building in the last thirty days.
Why was he moving slowly?
"You try hard to get me going, you know.
Only a monster would do that."
With one hand, Chase pulled the backpack off and tossed it to the ground.
He maneuvered her into his dark bedroom, then kissed her on the forehead before dropping her onto the bed.
She didn't want to make him any angrier than he already was.
"You're not working tonight," Devyn said, leveling a warning glare on the small woman that fucking terrified him when he realized that she wasn't coming back up before he headed back to the living room only to fucking sigh when he heard it.
It's the shield I hold up when my enemies are at the gate.
I had my team go over every inch of this thing, looking for any sign that this was a mistake, and we haven't been able to find anything," Lucas mumbled absently with a frown at whatever he was looking at on his phone.
Stronger, he declares, "I...
"I want to take you to dinner in the city.
"I quit, Andi," Devyn said, taking her by surprise.
I'm here for you."
I want to cry, because I don't know when I'll ever feel someone hold me like this again.
Felt her lips pull up into a smile when she saw the remains of the pirate ship scattered only a few feet below the surface.
The water's too choppy and the storm's apparently sped up and there's a good chance the ferry would get into trouble, so they aren't running any more today."
He'd lost it thenyelling and screaming at them both, and ready to punch Jake's boyish face until it looked like a pepperoni pizza.
"It's been Inna, not me"
He'd never wear a cowboy hat.
His eyes are wide, fearful, but full of longing.
"Are you one of Inna's cousins? Or uncles or something?"
But the look on his face tells me he hadn't meant to share this bit of information.
He also couldn't help but wonder why she was sitting at a table with his biggest competition, smiling down at whatever Nicholas Mitchell, owner of Emerald Castle Hotels, was showing her.
Not Chicago."
He searches my eyes, his fingers ghosting over my swollen lips.
Sighing heavily, Devyn's gaze shifted to the large hotel behind him with "The Charlton" carved into the stonewall and debated keeping that meeting, only to take pity on the small woman sadly mumbling, "I don't want to build a snowman," to herself.
I have about fifteen seconds to take it all in before John's hot mouth is back on mine, insistent and greedy.
"Couldn't you just buy some sweets at the shop?"
"It does, doesn't it?" Andi said, really hoping that this wasn't going to end like the last interview.
And giving myself time to regain some control.
I missed the ferry."
Emotion rushed up from her in waves of anger and fear and sadness.
"I know," she said with a sniffle as she raised her arms so that he could take her shirt off before she gestured to the pants.
If he didn't have a tail, he wasn't good enough.
"What changed?"
I greet him, like I always do.
"By the way, I found my cell phone on the counter in the kitchen.
The same reason sliced bread sells much more than whole loaves.
This is the beginning of something.
He wanted to kiss her into oblivion.
You've been hurt a lot.
No matter how hard she'd tried to get his attention, he'd all but ignored her since the accident.
He closed his eyes and imagined hot summer days filled with ride tickets and cotton candy and blueberry slushies.
So much quieter underwater... "I can't leave yet."
"We're betrothed," Inna said.
There's a shift, a change in the air between us.
She could tell the gull to pick his eyes out.
She turned from him, and the full sun, sitting on the rim of the horizon, cast her shadow all the way to where he stood.
With his next stroke, John alters his position, brushing across my gland and holy...shit.
"You're present."
"I don't want to be out here when it hits."
She released a moan when he found her clit, slowly teasing it as he continued gently caressing her breast and his mouth found her neck, making it difficult to focus.
Mari shrugged and rubbed her face.
John's bark of laughter is so loud it startles a few birds out of the tree canopy above us and makes my stomach flutter.
She really wished that Devyn would stop glaring at her as though he was imagining spanking her ass.
What if it was his ancestor?
Hopefully, phone service and electricity would be restored to the island soon and he could get the hell away.
"And I really need some answers," her brother drawled, not really looking all that concerned as she lay there, wondering why Devyn didn't wake her before he left.
"Already called for an ambulance, Mr. Mitchell.
"Looks like your little shop is all boarded up already."
He held her tight and lowered his mouth to hers, hard and cold and foul.
Being with John might be dangerous for my waistline.
"On one...two...three."
"Then, I guess I wouldn't be able to tempt you with an afternoon spent exploring a sunken ship right off the coast?" Travis said with a teasing smile even as she had to admit that actually sounded like fun.
It was already after ten a.m., and they had a good bit of work to do to get the building boarded up for the storm.
I can't stop touching the silky strands.
"I can kiss you."
He took a few more steps toward the water, the cool sand enveloping his feet.
Together, they would be unstoppable.
To his credit, John does stop but only a foot or so away from me.
Back over the island, to the west, the last of the storm clouds retreatedgiant billows of gray and swirls of dark purplesskulking away from the coastline.
He stared at her; his eyes half-hidden in the candlelight.
A song that played only for him.
It will never be worth it," he murmured absently as he selected a file off the small stack and opened it.
His arse is adorable when he wiggles to Animal.
"Can't you focus for one conversation?
"I want to kiss you everywhere," he husks.
As Lucas stepped back, copies of the contract were handed to each member of the board while the master was placed in front of Devyn for his signature.
I'm not a navel-gazer by nature, but John's words have me thinking.
He'd kissed her and made love to her again.
He realized that he had exactly what he needed.
She must've felt the same way, because her face was pulled in shock, her teary eyes wide and blue.
Those eyes are framed in deep, sable lashes that look too thick and too long to be real.
"We need to talk."
Maybe she could lure him with her mermaid's song.
The bobsleds, fun house, and bumper cars looked okay from the distance.
Mari followed, falling over the edge of her climax in a shower of stars and blissful aftershocks.
Because that would be weird."
Gave her time to figure out what to do.
"No, I didn't sleep with him.
He leans back against the couch, putting space between us, but his hands immediately begin to rub up and down my thighs.
Her rain-soaked clothes stuck to her, and she shivered each time the wind gusted.
His fingers trembled so much, it took a couple of tries to strike a match.
But he'd panicked and sucked in water like a recruit.
He gives a tentative, unsure roll of his hips.
She watched as his lips pulled up into that smile that she loved more than anything as he leaned in again and kissed her forehead.
Inna caught his balance, then followed with a grace too smooth for his large size.
A big manbigger than Inna, tall, with wide shoulders.
Her presence both relaxed him and put him on guard.
She didn't say anything else, and he'd never been more thankful for anything in his life as the pain in his head slowly subsided as a haze took over his body, making it difficult to do anything as he was slowly pulled under and-
Yep, he was good-looking from any angle.
When I find it, John's hips fly off the bed.
The whole wedding plan felt like a distant dream, a nightmare that lay far away on the borders of her memory.
So much for his good mood.
"I don't like to be late," Andi Dawson, the woman that he'd been forced to hire after the last assistant the temp agency sent over decided to have a mental breakdown, murmured absently as she continued nibbling on her sandwich as they made their way to the bank of elevators.
No wonder he reacted the way he did.
Mari looked at him, her eyes twinkling with mischief.
I would have been happier never having felt his lips graze mine. Never having had his arms around me, or his eyes drinking me in.
If she ever dated again, it would be a miracle of psychiatry and pharmaceuticals.
ABOUT THE AUTHOR
I don't know if John is a Bjork fan or not, but Army of Me definitely speaks to something inside him.
"You need to decide if you can forgive him for keeping this from you.
He's hot and hard in my hand, and so greedy for me.
At least that's what I hear."
He'd screwed things up and their relationship didn't stand a chance of mending.
"Because you needed me," Andi said, finishing off her slice of bacon with another nod.
He also wondered why he would do something like this.
I don't think it's a good idea to stay on the island, but it's your decision."
Show up when you're supposed to, smile, and give them whatever they want to make them happy," Lucas said, suddenly looking exhausted as he gestured to the small bandage on his forehead.
"Yes," he answers without hesitation.
His eyes shine with tentative hope and incredulous joy.
I've been in the water with him, and the guy is a fish.
I want to make sure you're ready."
It probably wasn't safe to swim right now either, with all the junk floating in the water near shore.
He clicked the button, and the TV over the corner of the bar roared on to a baseball game.
It was too close to the ocean.
Breaking off the kiss again, she stepped back so that the hot water spraying down on them could wash away the bodywash covering him.
People didn't realize what lurked under the dark water.
"It's fine," he replies, snapping out of whatever reverie he's been in.
"You never lied to me, Garrett.
"All those words, all the things we said, they don't mean anything, Frankie.
"I don't understand.
"You can do anything you want to me, Frankie."
So unlike the state of my nerves, which are screaming at the moment.
"You're really going to let me go out there and risk hypothermia on my own?" he murmured absently as his gaze shifted back to her panties.
They'd had sex twice within a day and he was falling, hard and fast.
Sure, he'd drank heavily when he got home from the hospitalwho wouldn't after burying a brother?
"Kiss him, I mean."
A little bitter.
I attempt to dislodge the frog from my throat.
She was organized, would make sure that her prices were competitive, and would offer benefits to ensure that her girls were happy.
Anger and sympathy are at war in my chest.
I get my arms to work, and now I'm clutching his shoulder and his bicep.
You promised you wouldn't hurt him.
"He locked me in a file room," Andi murmured absently as she continued doing whatever it was that she was doing as every set of eyes shot to Lucas.
"And my job?"
I'm teasing him now, parting the halves of his shirt to reveal an expanse of smooth, golden skin, lightly dusted with a strawberry blonde thatch.
"I'm working slowly, so I don't disturb you."
After months of waiting, they finally find Lexi a match, only to have the tissue destroyed due to contamination."
He moved to the bed and then bent and kissed her, running his tongue over hers until his cock begged for release.
It wasn't that difficult.
He's fond of home improvement shows.
It was the only option.
Amelia had gone missing one night, and then was seen on the deck of a pirate ship, moaning in pain.
Just the storm.
"That makes sense," she murmured, taking a sip of the lovely chocolate milk that he bought for her as she thought that over.
"I didn't think you..."
"Okay," I say, as casually as I can manage while my insides fizz like champagne.
"Mr. Dalton was caught with your grandson, in his car, by school police."
And how many pirates have you met?"
They were definitely missing something.
He clutched her hands and pulled her through the water to him.
But I do need...something.
He gives me a small grin, but it falls quickly.
Now, who's deflecting?
Chase took a deep breath.
"I'm staying at a friend's house on the sound side."
"Storm's not going to take too long to come back over us either.
He'd claimed they were his favorite, and I've chosen the place as often as possible.
To my surprise, he returns it and the expression sits sweetly on his handsome face.
No way he was moving away from her, and she was certainly not moving home.
We're not exactly friends.
She left a note for my uncle and went home and never looked back."
Flip-flops sticking to the hot asphalt and blaring rock music mixing its own beat.
Like it was an everyday occurrence?
The creaky pier.
I need to feel your hands on my breasts and your lips on mine.
"Leave us alone," Chase said.
A mermaid who couldn't eat seafoodthat would be tragic.
She nodded, aware that her mouth was partly open and there was nothing she could do about it.
Pressure built in her ears, like she was diving deep.
I honor my responsibilities.
He always helped anyone who needed it, like he'd done in her shop the day before.
She shoved it in her mouth like she hadn't eaten in days.
"But all that work..." Andi mumbled sadly, making him chuckle.
I tried to help whenever I could, but it was never enough.
Ice shot through her chest and out her arms to her fingertips as realization settled in her gut.
When he heard her breath catch and felt her body tremble beneath his touch, Devyn slowed his movements with his tongue as he continued caressing the sensitive little clit with his thumb and-
The day had turned out completely different than he ever could have imagined.
Had he changed the sheets lately?
Darkness, despite the sun dawning over the sea, crashed over him and took him under.
"Just a sec," he said, hating to leave her for a second.
He twirls it in his long, thick fingers before letting it fall to the water, and I flush hot thinking of what those fingers could do to my body.
"Like I'm a dolphin?" I had grinned over at him as he sat on the other side of the desk looking gorgeous and rugged and perfect, like a tree I wanted desperately to climb.
After months of struggling to find someone to help him, it was going to take a miracle to get caught up, but then, he was counting on a miracle.
I suppose that should have been a clue right there.
And nice, though you try to hide it.
As the remains of her desire fled, panic crawled inside her, the bitterness of fear swallowing her whole.
After a few minutes, I call out to him.
"Thank you, thank you, thank you," she exclaims so loudly, I have to move the phone away from my ear.
Now I'm thirty minutes into my shift.
We've got to get away from the fire."
Passion bloomed in his gaze and her heart fluttered.
The dull ache of need had grown to a roaring desire.
"I think we have more important things to talk about.
Mari stared over his shoulder, out toward the darkening horizon.
He wiped his face with the T-shirt, then slipped it over his head.
Then, it became personal."
A great wedding present.
"I should probably introduce myself."
"It was too much for them to handle," Andi murmured, watching as his fingertips began tracing lines over the back of her hand and moved slowly down each finger, making it difficult to focus.
She'd gotten closer to him in the last day than she had in months, and every bit of her being craved more.
"I know," he says, spreading my thighs and dipping his head between my legs.
A puff of fresh air breezed over her, dotting her wet skin in goose bumpsevery nerve ending standing at alert.
Nicki may be my friend, but one could never accuse her of sidelining business for pleasure.
Dancing, like they're ready to duel.
Since the renovations of Studio A are complete, I've moved back into my regular space.
"He kept meticulous records."
Wind whirled around her, and she struggled to contain her hair in her grasp.
John is smiling when he steps inside booth B, and I am once again reminded how bloody small the room is, and how freaking huge John is.
"I'm always here for you."
"A handy trick."
Ms. Taylor holds up her hand when the members of the press begin to shout at once.
Something better, whatever that might be.
I don't want to face this storm alone, but I'd rather not be facing it at all."
I want to pull him back to me, but I don't.
"I really am because I believe in you," Andi said, licking her lips as she struggled to focus.
They basically live on sushi and Pellegrino and can't ever be bothered with picking up after themselves around the house.
I forget anything about hiding the fact that I'd looked him up online.
Independent or not, she wants to know that you're okay."
"I'm glad to welcome you to your sea family.
I can't even be arsed to fire up the turntables tonight.
And what were the chances it would happen tonight?
One thing was for sure, he'd seen enough to be pissed.
"Do you own a coffeemaker?"
Everything over a million dollars had to be pre-approved by the board," Devyn said, relieved that he didn't have to worry about his best friend fucking him over.
For so long, he'd stayed focused on his end game, doing whatever it took to be the best to get where he was, forcing himself to forget everything else because nothing else mattered, but now...
Before I can connect, John pulls back and glances around, shoving his hands into his pockets.
Maybe we're on even ground now.
"I'm glad we aren't riding it.
It seemed to wiggle as Chase ran his hand over it.
"How long before lunch?" she asked.
He pretends to watch, but most of the time, I catch him looking at me.
He slowly rubbed against her, making her desperate for him again as she cupped his face in her hands and brought his mouth to hers.
The wind and rain sheeted in the opening between the furniture and the window.
His music has a manic energy to it, even when it's restrained by a minimalist arrangement and sparse vocals
Frightening that a freak storm could come at any time and wipe away years of work.
But I don't.
"I need time.
All of him feels amazing against me, hot and hard, and waiting.
Lucas was right, this deal was perfect and was exactly what he needed to secure his contract with Carta Hotels for two more years.
We're showing results for Michael John Dalton.
shifted her attention to the man that looked really pissed for some reason.
"Who would have benefitted from this deal?"
"Why are you so keen on not doing something you so clearly love?" I ask, grasping his hand under the table.
It would be a while before a crew could get out to fix the roofthe bar damage would be low priority with all the major work to be done on the island.
"They're good," he says over his shoulder.
She missed Devyn.
I'll take whatever John's willing to give me.
But right now, he'd possess her and feel her clench around him in ecstasy.
He can't peep in anymore, anyway, with the blinds closed.
It wasn't long before I realized what an antiquated notion that was.
"Ohh, arse," he says, poking fun at my accent, which tends to come out when I'm excited. Or aroused. Or nervous.
All the things he found attractive.
She's barely taller than the podium in front of her, and she clings to it with both hands.
It takes me no time to cue up the first song, Don't Stand So Close to Me.
His headlamp shone through tendrils of long hair.
She blew against his abdomen, watching his muscles draw up in response.
Nicki pulls me into her office one evening, after I arrive for my shift, to ask if everything's okay.
"I can see why," he murmured, taking a sip of coffee as his gaze flickered to the Mickey Mouse lunch bag that she had clipped to her backpack.
Sobs wracked his body and he leaned against the wall, disappearing into his sorrow.
But Dyer doesn't have it in him to settle down.
Her body language looked upsetmaybe angry.
The rain and wind would start up and scour away any pristine moment created in the eye of the storm.
I open a browser, head to Google, and type in Walt Whitman High School, Pennsylvania.
Soft under his naked body.
Our mingled scents fill the air, and I breathe in deep.
"They were caught in a ...embrace.
Hope you'll open the doors for regulars one more time before we shut down."
Apparently one part of me, at least, still does.
That was good since the amusement park was one of the big draws to the island.
Guilt that pressed on him daily, like a second skin made of stone.
He didn't trust me with the big stuff.
He wasn't following Inna down onto the sand, but he sure as hell wasn't going to let him hide at the bar.
"I'm not ready," I whisper, echoing my thoughts.
My brain latches onto the rhythm of us, me driving into him.
She pushed her hair back and let the necklace drop onto her bare skin under the sundress neckline.
"I think anyone else still stuck here either wants to be here or is already hunkered down.
Instead, she curled up on one of the bar couches with a blanket pulled to her chin.
He stumbled, then righted himself, grabbing the wall.
And no pill could cure it.
I wondered where that was.
"Oh?" I say, electricity dancing along my tender nerves.
It isn't until John pulls into a parking space, and turns off the car, that he says anything to me.
"I hope you're right."
I'm not sure why we didn't live here year-round."
"The metal rod that sliced through my suit might have had something to do with it," she said, only to follow that up with, "Eighteenth-century ships weren't built with metal rods," and a sniffle.
I'd might even call it shy.
"Before I try to get some sleep, I'm going to go look outside.
"Tell me if I'm hurting you," he says.
I mean, I know we'd called it that, but it shocks me to hear John just put it out in the universe that way.
She'd seen the way Chase treated his employees.
"What's good?" John asks, looking over the tiny-but-extensive menu.
"Be right back," I say, and hurry over to my jacket to fish out my wallet, where I keep a condom or two.
Wordlessly, John raises his arms, and I lift his jumper over his head and toss in on the pile with my clothing.
A few wet shingles, slick and glistening in the morning sunlight, lay tossed on the stairs.
Leaning, he's closer to my height.
He pushes inside without another word, and I moan into the empty room.
Once that was done, Andi stood up with a satisfied sigh.
Already, law enforcement is shutting down ferries to the most remote islands and mandatory evacuations are underwaycheck our website for the complete list of orders.
There had been nothing and then suddenly two years ago, right after the Hillshire project started, the transfers started, moving money earmarked for the stock purchase through the hotels and back to dummy accounts and every single transfer had gone through so smoothly.
"You're telling me I'm related to that giant squid over there?"
I've tried not to think of John as attainable, because if I let myself go there, I'll be in for a world of disappointment.
You're confident but suffer moments of insecurity that sometimes cripple you.
"Now you are an expert on pirates?
Surely some of the guys would be able to get onto the island by then to help.
"Well, one part of me sure did," I reply, waggling my eyebrows.
God, I sound so small.
Before I can ask him what he means by that, we're interrupted by the honk of a passing car.
A loud crash sounded, and he grabbed her and pulled her to him.
"Maybe," Doug said.
John's voice cracks a little.
Chase held the last piece of plywood up to the cedar window frame.
"I'm sorry about your father," he said.
"I'm not at liberty to say..."
She recognized the tribal pattern, now.
She had to save who she could.
He wanted more.
"Brought the coffee."
His legs quivered from the rush of heat.
John's hands shake as he reaches for my belt buckle, but he quickly does away with it, and soon my jeans are sliding down my legs.
The possibilities swam through her head, and she blinked hard to clear her mind and settle her tail.
Still sitting on the barstool, he opened his legs and pulled her in tight to his body, wrapping his arms around her and stroking her back.
She melted as his stubble rubbed over her tender skin again and again as he sucked.
"To be honest, I don't think about Garrett much these days."
She also knows each and every one of the jockeys she has on her payroll well too.
When Devyn found out that their mysterious VP had found a way to intercept the audit files, he'd taken steps to put a stop to it, ensuring that every hotel manager knew to deal with the investigation team that he'd hired to look into the matter directly.
Mr. OCD Protector hot man diver.
Protect her...
"They've done this before," she said, worrying her bottom lip because that's what had been bothering her.
His tentacle tattoo bulged as he worked the tap.
I slide the album onto the desk and face him.
"I don't ever hear you talk about her."
Your relationship with music is a gift."
My gran, though..."
"If you don't need me, I'll pass, man.
"Surely, you could get your records transferred over in your new name."
And close my mouth, because I'm actually gaping.
Her breath caught in her throat as he slid inside her, stretching her open as he filled her.
She also knew that it wouldn't be the end of the world if it happened, but...
She twisted the cup, then tipped it up and finished the coffee off.
She was close, he could pin her to the plywood with his body without much effort.
"Yeah, the cheese is homemade.
Today, she'd enjoy her time with Chase, and try to talk him into staying on the island.
I bite my lip, hard, to keep myself from saying or doing anything that'll spook him.
"The water was barely warm, but it felt good to get clean.
I had them look at everyone on my team, the board, and even you, but they couldn't find anything that stood out.
His voice has gone flat.
Somehow, knowing more about him made him physically more attractive and appealing.
Devyn watched her as he took his time, tracing her slit, teasing her with soft touches before rubbing his fingertip gently over her clit.
I thought we had something special.
"Too personal?"
"Breathe," Devyn said, pressing his forehead against hers when they finally broke the surface and she couldn't seem to get enough air, "just breathe."
"Thanks for dinner.
We're both dancing to silence.
It actually made her wonder why Hillshire Hotels was even considering this deal.
"Just tell me what your mood is tonight.
Because the faintly pink streetlights now seem too bright, and I'm roasting in my own skin.
For several minutes, he kept the kiss slow as his hands moved on her, caressing her breast as he teased her nipple with his fingers and palm while he continued driving her crazy, rubbing her clit in small, teasing circles that left her feeling empty.
"She'd dragged me back to school, making sure that I knew how much she was counting on me to make something of myself so that she never had to worry about me.
I was busy."
We're so saddened by it.
He tilts his head and kisses me hot and brief, then steps back - way back - and looks at me.
"I'm glad you're amused," he says as he finally wedges himself into the seat beside me.
"For a magazine or something?"
?" he asked, giving her breasts one last squeeze before he ran one hand down her stomach and-
Maybe the fire hadn't made it down there yet.
"I've worked too hard to give up.
What the hell had that punk meant, engaged?
And now...
The missing shingles wouldn't cause leaking if he was lucky.
She stared at the white shell necklace tight around his throat.
Another popular reply is ‘I like everything but...' fill-in-the-blank.
He got so serious every time the subject came up.
Those are innocent people you're talking about killing."
"Christopher left her money and had her stay with his friend.
He'd enjoyed talking to her earlier and telling her about Luke.
John picks up the copy of The Downward Spiral I'd grabbed for five bucks.
Chicago wins.
I wait for him for a full fifteen minutes before I get nervous and go looking.
"A couple of things actually, one, of course, being that they clearly recognize a threat when they see one.
I drop my head to John's chest, coming so hard the edges of my vision blur.
She was still wobbly from the climb and out of breath.
And don't say you don't know because he obviously knew you."
The rain poured, slicking her skin.
Chapter 16
I have a telly, but it's in my room.
"He was sick, and doctors couldn't do anything for him.
Mesa was likely one of the mermen who attacked Luke and Chase before the creature came.
She'd only been with two men in her life and no matter how badly she'd tried to lose herself in their touch, she never could.
She was swimming without a clue how she would get where she needed to go.
By afternoon, they've taught me otherwise.
Me, I'm a bloody faucet, leaking all over my stomach.
"Hell yeah," I say, heading toward the booth.
"Someone told me you've been spending a bit of time with our handyman."
He tugged at her dress and she raised her arms so he could strip it off over her shoulders.
And he couldn't leave her on the island with Inna lurking around either.
I take him into my mouth and twist my fingers inside him, searching for the spot I know will drive him out of his head.
But, uh, one night it got a little..."
He wouldn't be on the beach in the bad weather.
He needed to go to the board with this, but...
A few steps and they'd be in the sand; a few more and they'd be in the water where creatures lived.
My eyes are unremarkably gray, thanks to my mother's side of the family.
Oblivious to my flustered state, John goes back to work.
Chapter 28
Her hair hung down in stringy lines, like rivulets of water.
"I don't know what Lucas is capable of, and until I can fix this, I need to know that you're safe," Devyn said, reaching for her.
"I'm assuming that your plan wasn't to sway the board with one hotel," Devyn murmured, going through the project that she'd created for Roman Palms and couldn't help but admit that he was impressed.
Because I want it too.
I can hear him but, for me, it all blends in with the ambient noise of the building.
"A diver who won't go near the water...don't you think that's a bit strange?"
Still, nothing compared to the real thing.
"You should go," I say, turning back to him.
He also didn't like the fact that word of what they were trying to do had become common knowledge.
Thunder rolled over the ocean, echoing off the waves, and Inna briefly scanned the water before turning back to her.
Weekends are odd for me, in that I never know what to do with myself.
"That's why you supported my bid for CEO," Devyn said, telling himself that Andi was fine.
Perfect, they'd be alone.
"It may break to a Category Three by the time it hits land.
"When I was little, my uncle managed to get me into a private school that had this really great math program.
Our lunches are somewhat random.
"Because Devyn has enough on his mind right now," Andi said, repeating what she'd been telling herself since she woke up alone to find the note on the coffee table telling her that he was going to visit the next hotel on their list and that he'd be back next week before reminding her that she was supposed to take it easy.
"My mother worked herself to death when I was sixteen.
"Make sure the plywood was tight since that side will get the brunt of the wind."
"I know you're moody, but this new wave, emo shit is getting old."
"My family's bloodline says otherwise.
"You should be able to see the authorization noted in the transfer," Devyn said, taking the iPad from her only to bite back a curse when she took it back from him and quickly swiped to a transfer record and-
He moved to lie beside her, adjusting his hard-on in his jeans.
He wasn't any closer to the water than he was back at the bar.
Sucking on my bottom lip.
"I'm not sure what I can do about your store, thoughthe bar is all but sold already."
Best to go along and get it over with.
Oh God, so young.
"I will spare Chase..."
He's not wrong.
He stopped a few feet from her, his bare chest rising and falling with slight exertion.
"That's every man's dream," Lucas assured him.
Like a piece of cellophane being lifted away, things cleared and came into focus.
Quite the opposite, really, because I know John is staying.
"Congratulations.
He was planning to leave the island and go inland for the storm but missed the last ferry."
It's been so fucking long.
The energy has shifted, and the air thickens with my unease and, yes, my desire.
Storm Damaged
When he flicks his thumb over my slit, my cock jerks in his hand.
It was too dangerous now.
I know I shouldn't hate anyone, but I do hate him for hurting you."
John hasn't put any pressure on me to go further than we had back at my apartment last Saturday night, but sometimes, when he looks at me, I know exactly what he wants.
Much better than any fantasy.
Purchase order.
A universe full of stars and moons and seas.
The employee cafeteria is on the fourteenth floor.
Really dark.
"It was a moon jellytranslucent and white and almost glowing in the sunlight, even though it was dead."
He put a hammer in my hand as soon as I was old enough not to smash my fingers with it."
As soon as my hand touches the door, I release a sigh.
A monster.
Inna turned to Mari.
"I already think I'm not good enough for you," I confess, surprised by the truth of it.
I think he quite enjoys keeping me on my toes.
I sweep my arm over the records and sleeves, the notes, and old magazines.
If I've learned anything about John over these last months, it's that he needs to come to things in his own time.
"You think I'm too serious?" Devyn asked, shifting his attention back to the road, noting that the GPS had gone from telling him that they were two hours away from their destination back down to fifteen minutes.
I stop to take a deep breath.
Inna's face twisted with emotion.
Anxiety quivered his insides, and nausea threatened to overtake him.
I don't know where this sudden bout of insecurity is coming from, but the thought of me hurting him drives a spike of fear into my heart.
If it wouldn't worry Chase, she'd take another swim.
I'm not even sure I know this man, Michael John Dalton.
Like a live tentacle, it pulsed and recoiled, and he scratched it, unaware of its movement.
Now, either they've been really fucking lucky up until this point or..."
She honestly didn't know how she would-
The occasional clatter of shutters against the windows clawed at him like a thousand hands reaching to pull him outside, sending his pulse skyrocketing.
She had shoveled them off that morning, and they led right out onto the sandy beach.
She squinted, looking down the beach in each direction.
She sat up, blinking, immediately missing his warmth.
The realtor had promised some help getting things professionally packed, and it wouldn't take long to get out for good.
"Tell me about yourself," came the softly murmured request that had his gaze flickering back at Andi to find her watching him expectantly.
I ran the debate team, and he'd often sit in on rehearsals after school.
"If he did, I wasn't aware of it," I admit.
"If you change your mind, I'll be here at least until early afternoon," Chase said.
I watch as his hand lifts toward me and then drops.
"I hired a team of investigators to track the missing funds, but unfortunately at this time, we haven't been able to find them.
Once upon a time, I would have buckled, but I think I'm stronger now.
He watched as Lucas slammed back against the wall, looking just as stunned as blood began pouring out of his nose.
The apology confuses me.
Dragon Undercover
She closed her eyes, imagining a pregnant Amelia abandoned by the man she loved.
She didn't stop humming when she heard the desk chair pulled back a minute later or when she heard what sounded like a heavy sigh because she wasn't about to risk hearing anything that would scar her for life, not after that time that she'd walked in on her uncle with-
"Digital is ideal for lossless duplication, but it's too clean.
Sighing heavily, Nicholas reached over and pressed the intercom as he kept his gaze locked on her.
She picked up the supplies and followed him to the front of the building.
His full, lush mouth.
I know Dyer is speaking from experience.
"Stop that," she chides.
She forgot how good it felt when he touched her.
At least, I'll try not to bring it up."
He settles into the chair on the other side of the desk.
A seagull strafed the tops of the dunes and shrieked as it buzzed past.
She put her arms out like wings and ran back and forth across the road, weaving and bobbing.
"You're going to miss me," Andi pointed out.
Really hoping that it was someone trying to scam her, Andi shifted the files into one arm, reached into her back pocket and pulled her phone out only to feel her shoulders drop in defeat when she saw the text message waiting for her.
I've asked him this question every shift for a week now, and each time it feels like he's throwing out words just to bait me.
"Because I'd have to quit," Andi said, really hoping that it didn't come down to that because she actually loved her job.
He made his way down the hall, following the trail of light snaking down the floor toward the bar.
You were happy and carefree until you went outside, and now you look like you're heading to a funeral."
The back of his hand brushes the length of my dick, and I think I might explode.
But be assured, I'll be watching you.
The door opened and Inna charged into the room.
She pulled her fingers from his and swatted at an errant damp curl, then tucked it behind her ear.
You're not leaving the island?
It's fucking frustrating, to be honest.
Draped over the windows are sheer, magenta curtains with gold, metallic paisley print.
"He doesn't need to know," she said, hoping that would be enough to get him to drop it.
Until the investigation was complete, he was keeping this information from the board and focusing on stopping any more damage from occurring, which is where she came in.
Maybe it would have been better if he did know who rescued him.
Once the storm started, it would be better to stay put.
"You'll meet someone, babe," he whispers into my neck before lifting his head to meet my eyes.
Fuck, he's scorching hot around my dick.
Feel that?
You know so many songs so intimately."
A wide grin spreads across his face while we listen to Prince's flawless falsetto croon If I Was Your Girlfriend over one of the nastiest grooves ever recorded.
Inna was a monster when he was jealous.
Those big hands are miracle workers, massaging the kinks out of my arms, my legs, and my back as he spins me around to face away from him.
"I knew it!" Dyer exclaims, slapping his hand on the table.
I see stupid shit on Reddit that I want to share, and you aren't there to tell it to.
"Does Uncle Shawn know about him yet?" came the question that had her wincing as she turned on the shower.
She really couldn't stress how much she didn't want to hear her boss having sex.
Give her some time to recover.
He dropped the remaining pieces of the sand dollar onto the counter and dusted off his hands.
"Then, I'll explain on the way," Devyn said, fixing his tie as he walked back into the room and grabbed his coffee.
John is still tantalizingly out of reach.
"Are we going to talk about what just happened?"
But he didn't want to stop.
The darkness would not win.
Fuck, I hate Studio B.
He laughed and his deep voice echoed down the deserted beach.
"These are peak months for the hotels within a ten-mile radius, but Roman Palms' occupancy is down by thirty-five percent year after year, which didn't make sense to me since the rates were actually lower than most of the competitors during that time.
Vintage Nine Inch Nails, a copy of Nirvana's Nevermind - still in the fucking plastic! - and a bit of colored vinyl from a band I've never heard of, which are excellent for decoration unless I uncover a hidden gem.
He hadn't talked much.
He's cut, smooth as silk, and hot as a brand.
"My bed is a slice of heaven," I say, still weak but so very happy.
"This isn't so bad," Andi murmured to herself, wondering why he was having such a hard time keeping assistants.
I grow impatient.
Mari leaned back on the soft leather couch.
"I'll get someone to help you pack up after the storm.
They just took one look at me and were like, God, there's a criminal mastermind if we ever saw one."
He had less than three months to come up with something to save his ass and no fucking idea how he was going to do that.
The sand shifted beneath her feet in the strong undertow, and she dug her toes in as she walked.
I squeeze his shoulders.
The aftershocks are relentless as John licks up every drop of my release like a pro.
The weatherman's stern face was a clear warning.
And if he knew she was eyeing him like a piece of meat, he wouldn't be happy about it.
"You don't have to stay here.
"You're made of bloody granite."
"I want to stay with my brother," Andi said, knowing that Uncle Shawn would never willingly separate them when he knew just how much Drew depended on her.
She projected some kind of net over the whole ship.
"Well, I hope you get it."
He swam closer, putting his hands above her head, against the pylon.
The weatherperson perked up and smiled, her white teeth contrasting with the dull colors on the screen.
"I changed my mind about natural birth.
Not because he's pressuring me, but because I need to talk it through with someone, and Dyer is as close to a best friend as I've ever had.
The polished wood console curves away from the wall and well into the middle of the room, but there's still plenty of walking space between its edges and the built-in shelves.
Missed the ferry.
I think she's afraid that she'll die and leave my sister and me alone and defenseless.
I let him see.
He smacked the water with his hand, sending up a splash, and Mari flinched.
If he felt obligated to be with her, she'd never know if he truly loved her.
Her mother would worry about her, she was sure of it.
"I can see that," Devyn murmured as she gestured to the large apartment complex in front of them.
The necklace, glinting in the candlelight, pulled to one side and dangled near her shoulder.
He'd fucked up in the worst possible way.
I truly appreciate the time that you took to read their story.
"Will do," Devyn said, his gaze never leaving Andi as her brother let himself out.
He loved the way that she felt rubbing against his cock, the way that it felt to slide inside, wet and hot, and so fucking tight that it took everything that he had not to lose control.
The water lapped at the shore and he stopped at the stairs down on the sand.
Beefcake m/m authors (Artemis Wolffe)
And it's cruel to tell me that.
"Someone's getting sloppy," Andi said with a sad shake of her head as she flipped to the next page and quickly calculated the difference between the sums that didn't add up, which gave her the number that they didn't want anyone to find.
Not exactly not her fault.
He has to know what he does to me.
I'm torn between which Prince track I want to play, but I start the set with Meshell Ndegeocello to buy time to decide.
"Mom knows I have a business to run.
John settles and shoves his hands into his pockets.
"No, you're not," Devyn said, sighing heavily as he opened the door and found the asshole that had almost cost him everything standing there, wearing a casual smile as he held out a small stack of folders, looking like he didn't have a fucking care in the world.
And all I can do is writhe and moan.
"It's been real," Doug said, clapping him on the back.
Not good like a good beer, but great, like fine Scotch.
I want to cover it, but his are so damned large, I'd need both of mine.
Born in Delaware, grew up there, moved to Doylestown for work."
John pulls the safety glasses off his head and runs one of those softly calloused hands through his thick hair, brushing a few escaped locks off his forehead.
I can't tell if he doesn't believe me or if he's just teasing.
I wouldn't call it that, no.
"Mmm," he mumbles before sliding in a second finger and twisting his hand to find my spot, lighting me up from the inside.
When he pushed a lock of hair out of her face, she twitched and turned her head, her lips slightly parted and her chest rising and falling slowly.
Love the little sound he makes whenever he takes that first bite into his burger.
Smoke was quickly filling the room and seeping into his lungs.
"Wasn't for me."
"I'm sorry, I..."
Her legs ached to swim, to surge, to change.
She jolted at his touch, not sure whether to press his hand to her or to do as he said and take off her shorts.
"Mine and Inna's family arranged our marriage when we were children."
A seagull screeched overhead, startling him.
That was all about to change now that it was time to return to the office and-
"S'alright," I hurry to assure him.
John lets out a sharp shout, and then I feel him pulsing against my tongue.
Her tail formed quickly, without pain, long and strong, and she breathed in water, energy, life.
When his bare feet hit the cool sand, he pitched forward and landed on his knees.
He couldn't stay, couldn't live near the ocean any longer.
What about your mother?
Deciding that this was one of those rare moments that she should stop talking, Andi cleared her throat and took in the rest of the executive dining room, from the freshly polished floor to the mahogany tables covered with crisp, bright white linen tablecloths and everything in-between before she glanced back at Devyn and-
Patrick hadn't come out to me, and I hadn't a clue about myself.
Whoever was doing this knew what they were doing.
In the glow of the candlelight, he smiled at her, raising the beer in a mock toast.
"Bring some blankets too.
Don't get me wrong, if you need someone to help you hide the bodies, Dyer is your man.
He exhales a slow breath and nods sharply.
"I wish I'd had the good sense to snatch you up, back when we first met."
We're not subtle, and I can practically feel the eyes on us.
Here he was thinking about water and flashlights, and sleeping with her, and she was worried about losing her whole livelihood.
Of course, if the new owners planned a karaoke bar, they'd replace most of the rustic decor and add lights and disco balls.
Look, but don't touch.
Where the water had been, a few hours ago?
"I don't know, Chase.
With that, she's out the door, and I'm alone.
I hear voices coming from down the hall, and I follow the sound to studio A.
"You mean besides the fact that he left town three days ago and I haven't heard from him since?" Andi asked before shrugging it off.
God, his shoulders.
"I know you need to be in your own headspace,"he said the first time he asked if he could come by.
I have a whole box in my bathroom, but time is of the essence.
"And I need to get out."
But we are supposed to get married."
With a few more clicks and a muttered curse, the image fast-forwarded to what sounded like Andi singing A Hundred Bottles of Beer on the Wall, drawing her brother's attention to her location and the asshole guarding the door, which explained how she got out, Devyn thought.
She popped her head above the waves for a second and spotted him almost instantly, his thick form dark in the water.
He said it wavered in the stormy air like a shiny mirror."
"But the water and I no longer get along.
"Amelia's necklace..." the queen whispered.
In her head, she'd written at least fifty romance novels with him starring as the hero.
Never taking her eyes off him, Andi sat up just as Devyn reached for her, taking her hand in his and placed it on him.
When he faced his brother's mortality, it had been the beginning of the end of old Chase, and new Chase wasn't pleasant to be around.
She walked along the edge of the surf, occasionally picking up a shell and tossing it into the waves.
As if repeating explains everything.
"You're going to love the fourth grade," Uncle Shawn said with the same smile that he'd used on her when he'd tricked her into taking that placement test.
Editing by Grace Bradley Editing, LLC
"The ocean gives, and it takes away," she whispered.
Take her to appointments, etcetera."
The wind still beat against the bar in gusts, but the constant assault had ended.
He's grinning, the wanker.
The shutters clattered and he scowled, his shoulders bunching around his neck.
When he'd asked about her father, she'd told him that he was dead.
He'd never hated anyone more in his life.
It looked undamaged, with a few loose or missing shingles.
The pink satin bra gleamed in the candlelight.
"Did John lie?"
"Whatever I feel in the air."
"I think it's about time.
She looked down at the little puddles she'd created, and he could tell her teeth were chattering.
He dropped the pearl to her breast and sat back on his knees.
"Seems nothing changes," Devyn said, thinking of all those times that he'd bailed him out, covered for him, and helped him when he'd fucked up.
I barely utter the word, stunned by the tragedy of the situation.
But it was thoughtful, nonetheless.
"I'll try," he mumbles.
She was the kind of girl that he could spend a lifetime with.
"But I'm working on something!"
It rests on the crease where my hip meets my thigh, right next to my own.
"I can go faster on my own.
"The next time you decide to let a hooker walk into my office, you're fired," Devyn said, pausing only long enough to grab the small stack of files out of her arms and level a murderous glare on Ben before continuing to lead her back into his office with a muttered, "Fucking unbelievable."
He loved the angles and symmetry of the metal beast.
He leaned in close, his warm breath sliding across her neck, raising the tiny hairs that lay there.
What if I told you that I hated my job and the only time I enjoyed it was when I was working with you?" Devyn asked, somewhat appeasing her.
Inna's laughter sounded from the dune grass.
His nose was a bit out of place and drops of blood had spattered his shirt.
"I have the key if you want to get out of here and take a look."
"He'd catch us if I had to run any farther."
The air zinged with expectancy, and clouds billowed and boiled over the sky, creating a moving gray canvas as the wind gusted.
His chest, his shoulders, his neckteasing out the knots and tightness in his muscles.
Too many men looking in the wrong places for too little.
She nodded, smile still on her face.
This is when I remember that John's never done this, any of it.
I can help by keeping watch the other direction in case he tries to sneak up the back stairs."
He smoothes his hands over my back.
What a relief it would be for him to know all about her.
No matter how much it hurt, or how much he feared the ocean, he could at least try.
He breathed the words and a shiver raced up her back like he'd trailed a fingertip up her spine.
How could a man so sure of himself on land fear water so much?
"I'm yours," I agree because it's true.
She blew out the last of the air in her lungs and a thousand tiny bubbles jetted toward the surface.
I pump my hips, grinding into the mattress and letting him slide over my opening.
"I'm responsible for vengeance."
She wore a black bikini that she must have grabbed at the hotel gift shop that complimented her sun-kissed skin and showed off the generous curves of her breasts and-
I expect him to sit up and move away from me, but he doesn't.
Thin carpet, the color of almond milk, flows from wall to wall in every room but the kitchen and bathroom.
Or the beginning of something.
She started down to the platform.
I'm sure it could use some pink."
"We don't need anything," I counter, panting.
"What happened to the five o'clock ferry?"
She took a deep breath of the salty air.
This end of the island was completely empty.
This car gets me.
Stranger things had happened.
"I can't bear to think of life without you."
For the next few hours, he worked on his report, outlining the damage, the hotels that had been hit, and when he'd finally had enough for one night, he tossed the iPad on the coffee table only to find the small woman who'd been ignoring him all night frowning in confusion.
She slipped her flip-flops off and dropped them to the floor, a cloud of sandy dust billowing in the shafts of slanted sunlight from the windows in the ceiling.
This one containing the phone logs for last May and-
"Time for today's math challenge!
Devoid of anything resembling love.
The Neighbor from Hell Series:
I know you don't understand, but I must do this.
She grabbed the drill and a couple of screws.
And hello there, new facet of John I've never met.
And I was drunk."
They were a team.
Knowing that there was nothing that she could do about it now, she arranged everything on the bed.
"We're still dealing with a Category One storm but nearing the upper limits of that category's wind speed.
Just because we're not together anymore doesn't mean I don't know you better than most."
His eyebrows are dark, perfectly arched slashes above his startling eyes.
She couldn't look at him when she had thoughts like this.
John peeks up at me from under thick lashes, and I'm filled with such compassion for him, such pride in him that I'm momentarily unable to catch my breath.
She scooted back in the sand, trying to put a little distance between them.
He says this like I'm thick.
He waved, bobbing near one of the far pylons, long brown hair knotted into a thick braid.
"We never had sex.
"I would stop worrying, sign the damn papers, spend the next five months on the beach getting drunk and sleeping with a different woman every night."
I shove that very real fear aside to give him my support.
If they didn't get access to those files soon, Lucas would have a chance to do some serious damage and set them back.
Chase was a pretty good cook, but he'd made entirely too much food.
Mari slipped out onto the bar deck, pulling the door closed behind her.
She'd planned on going to bed as soon as she got home last night, but instead, she'd ended up going over Hillshire Hotels' financial reports.
He's so fucking sexy, I can barely breathe.
"Four," she admitted, still regretting her decision to involve her brother.
She scrubbed at her hair with the towel.
Took off again, leaving him to sigh as he followed her to the slides surrounded by thick white foam to look like snow.
"Ohh..." A million times better.
After that, he wanted coffee, regular with two sugars, one cream, and two shots of caramel syrup, brought to his office every two hours and a bottle of ice-cold water brought to his office every hour on the hour.
With every roll of her hips, she had him losing his fucking mind until he couldn't take it any longer.
Mer-education had been progressive back then.
One Month Later...
"You'll learn to obey," Inna muttered.
"Surprise me," he says, and I do.
It's more than a wish to be here.
It always amazes me how many bands used to let me record their shows.
They knew she had a child by a human.
"Well, according to family stories, Christopher was a good guy.
There's an ache in my chest because his expression goes light at the mention of her name and then darkens.
"It was too dark," she said, deciding not to mention that she missed him as she turned on the lamp since that probably wasn't something that she should tell her boss.
"Mmmm, that's good."
"Not innocent, nor do I care they are people, humans."
Still, I have no reason to doubt him.
We were friends for a few years, dancing around the attraction before he finally let me suck him off in a Home Depot carpark.
Fun, adventurous, open to experiencing the world in her own way, no matter what other people thought.
She finally let go.
"No," he says, and the word falls between us like a brick.
"Very mysterious," I tease.
"Most everyone else is off the islandexcept for those diehards that never run from a storm."
She stepped around the shattered window pieces and tried to peer into her room, but it was too dark inside to see anything, and the limb blocked all but the smallest sightline.
I just wish I knew what that was.
"Because I'm in love with you, Andi," Devyn said, his expression softening as he watched her.
"I'm glad you're glad, Nightingale, because I can't imagine not knowing you.
"I hope it isn't too bad.
It was a task-oriented job that allowed her to stay far away from the accounting department, gave her a ten percent discount at the employee cafeteria, and unlimited access to the supply closet.
"You also didn't go through my emails," he reminded her.
As soon as he mentioned going to Boston, she'd found herself focusing on what they needed to do for work and all those plans that she'd made over the years to frolic in the snow.
Sure, she'd heard the tale a zillion timesit was a favorite among the merfolk.
My cheeks burn, regardless.
Not getting involved.
Having the AC back would be welcome, but she'd take what she could get.
The tattoo on his side buzzed like a thousand insects crawled over it.
Dyer is shorter than me, so I adjust the captain's chair.
"We've exhausted our dining options around here.
I click back to the search results and scroll down.
He heaves with every breath he takes, his hands fisting.
And besides, I can't leave.
"Look," he said, his voice strained with an emotion that could've been frustration or anger.
Of course, he wants to clear the air.
"It's with deep regret that I was forced to call this meeting," Lucas began only to pause and take a shaky breath before he continued.
That's what I'm doing.
His legs wavered and his stomach turned to jelly.
Every day was the same, he went to meetings and when he wasn't in a meeting, he was on the phone, and if he wasn't doing that, he was going through emails, files, and her notes.
And tonight, he was all hers.
"I came by because I'd like us to be friends," John continues as if the universe hadn't just shifted under my feet.
The chef at Sampan had sent us dish after dish after tantalizing dish during our tasting.
Website: http://kerryadrienne.com/
"The person was younger than you, though, and really only likes vinyl because bands release it now as collector's items."
Under the care of her new doctors, Lexi is much better, but she's not out of the woods just yet.
"For fuck's sake," Devyn snapped, dropping their bags by the door as Andi stood there, taking it all in from the heavy scent of mold in the air to the rugs that made a squishy sound every time they so much as breathed, and everything in between.
Mermaids didn't typically have to work to get men to like them.
Politics were the same wherever there were kingdoms and countries.
Frowning, Andi worried her bottom lip between her teeth as she read the email.
"You didn't eat much.
"Sorry, girl.
It makes me think about the months he disappeared from my life without a word.
His skin has a splash of crimson in it today and is a shade darker, thanks to a long weekend in the Bahamas he'd finagled last week.
As much as she would love to be able to say that she would have done that for anyone...she couldn't.
"You know you can never tell with hurricanes."
It's the thing I wrap around me when darkness descends.
When he only glared, she licked her lips nervously, went to gesture to the elevator again only to close her mouth, noticeably swallow, and grumble as she turned right back around and reluctantly returned to his hotel room, pouting every fucking step of the way.
I must doze off for a bit because, when I open my eyes and look up, John is standing next to the bed.
Different.
How would a mermaid and a man afraid of the ocean ever make it?
Inna stood, watching them, arms crossed.
A wheel that could take him on a joyride up into the air and down again, the crisp ocean at his feet.
We're at his place tonight, sitting on his concrete slab of a balcony, looking out over a quiet, suburban highway.
His ponytail swung under the power of his exertion.
It's one I wouldn't mind seeing more often.
You weren't there."
Probably, but he owed her.
"I'm upset and...well..."
Not that she was going to complain when it kept her out of the accounting department, because she definitely wasn't.
"He's going to fall madly in love with you if he hasn't already," he declares.
"You're paranoid," Lucas pointed out, not bothering to look up from his phone as Devyn stood there, trying to tell himself that he was right, but...
A few more minutes."
"I'm missing something," Andi mumbled to herself as she glanced from the notes that she'd made from the files that she'd helped herself to from the accounting department back to the file in question and-
"I have a spare room if that makes you feel more comfortable.
"Better check the latest storm update."
And Chase had bad news.
It's two Saturday mornings removed from that fateful weekend when John rings my buzzer.
We had a meeting yesterday that I need to reschedule for today," Devyn said absently as he pulled his tie loose and tossed it aside.
"Yes," I hiss, not caring why he happens to have a bottle of lube with him.
Everything he wasn't.
Right now, John Burton is mere yards from me, and the only thing that keeps me from heading to the nearest exit is Dyer's death grip on my forearm.
His heart still banged, but the dizziness eased.
He set up accounts for them under Carta Hotels' name and managed to bury them in projects that were long forgotten," Andi said as a financial form for Cresmford Hotel, a hotel that he'd never heard about before, appeared on the screen next to one for Charlton Hotel, showing the transfer from Charlton to Cremsford.
But a mermaid's call was sweeter.
She snapped back to the present.
Big changes."
Worth more than some dandy's fleeting admiration.
After a slight hesitation, she mumbled, "Yes," watching as Devyn slowly nodded as he took that in and-
I don't want to betray John's confidence, but I need to talk through my reservations.
That's why the stock purchase took two years to complete.
"I didn't have a choice," the man that she was no longer speaking to said as he leaned in and kissed her forehead.
One with more tourist traffic."
I mean, I've touched my, uh, hole, but I've never...I mean, I didn't..."
John inches closer, his eyes riveted to my lips, and I am dreaming.
Inna continued to stare out over the ocean.
He and Luke had always been tight.
Or was the whole incident some giant misunderstanding?
My heart ticks up a few beats-per-minute.
Find out more about Kerry Adrienne here:
"Keep her locked in there until after the board meeting," the image of Lucas said to the large and very familiar-looking man standing in front of the door.
"Besides that," Devyn murmured as she took it upon herself to see what the bedroom had to offer.
He opened his eyes and stared up at the massive wheel towering above them.
It's such an incredible sensation and knowing that it's him, that's it's John, I want to cry and smile and laugh all at once.
He still wasn't sure who'd started the bullshit tales that were making his life harder, but whoever it was had done an amazing fucking job of scaring off his assistants.
John often hums along to the songs he knows, an off-key murmuring that I find endearing as hell.
I don't really know what to say to him.
It had been so fucking simple, but he got lazy, and now, he had to go with Plan B.
John turns to me, his hands up in supplication.
She grabbed the pink, glittery hair clip off the counter and twisted her hair up into a knot and then secured it with the clip.
"Right now," he says, hot and urgent.
She pulled the blanket tighter, willing herself to be bold and ask the questions she needed answered.
Maybe a dance floor and flavored fog.
Forget any of this ever happened."
And this moment feels good."
"Nope," she said with a careless shrug as she focused her attention back on the file on her lap, hoping that he let it go.
"You never searched for your prostate?"
Oh gods, this was the end.
"Now?" Her heart racedshe wasn't sure if it was from his kisses or the realization that the truth about Amelia was close to being revealed.
"I wouldn't care," Andi said with another shrug to emphasize just how much she didn't miss the man that she couldn't stop thinking about and she didn't.
"Which, of course, doesn't make any sense since I wasn't supposed to interview with you.
He steadied her with a firm hand on her shoulder, and she moved the cup from her lips and held it high to keep from spilling the coffee.
"I had to make sure that I got to work on time because my boss is a tyrant," Andi said with a solemn nod as she selected another slice of bacon.
Meanwhile, my heart is hammering in my chest.
Her legs weakened and she leaned into him.
They come at all hours of the day and night, and always seem to alter his mood.
All I know is what Christopher wrote in his diary.
It's like that scene on The Simpsons with the tall man driving the compact car.
So, go on, tell me all about your love affair with the hot contractor."
Not to her or anyone else.
His lips are cold, but his mouth is warm and yeasty.
"I just can't see anyone on my team doing this.
John's muttering isn't that loud, but I tell myself it's what's distracting me.
And a view out over the ocean.
There seemed to be a dinner party or a wine tasting every weekend.
"I'm no more monster than you.
You have a choice.
She was going to learn the ins and outs of this job, figure out how to make coffee, and do everything within her power to make sure that her new boss never found out what she could do.
I collapse onto the sofa.
Who knows what happened?"
Luke deserved it, Mari deserved it, and he sure as hell deserved it.
His voice is a growl that bounces off the bare walls.
There's a handshake and an exchange of pleasantries between them, but I'm caught like a mosquito in amber.
"Nicki won't mind?"
Since he took over as CEO of Carta Hotels a year and a half ago, he'd been fixing one mess right after the other, working his ass off to bring the company that had been on the brink of bankruptcy back to its former glory and doing everything that he could to meet all the requirements of his contract.
The thought of him feeling alone, ever, is somewhat unbearable to me.
The tattoo had appeared a few days after he'd been released from the hospital.
Fiery, full of life, and beautiful.
The building.
"Chase should have died in that fire."
"I love road trips," Andi said with a heartfelt sigh as she searched through the large bag of junk food that she'd taken her time selecting from the gas station that she'd convinced him to stop at so that she could get the snacks required for this trip.
John is straight, just as I suspected.
Ironically, they'd be safe from Inna during the storm.
I lean my forehead against the lip of the bathtub, grateful for the silence and for its cold surface against my overheated skin.
I need to see him lose it, need to feel him come apart underneath me.
Being with her might not be the best idea for peacefulness, but her kind of excitement was contagious.
Spend days kissing her.
His pectorals are perfect, like a sculpture, and his abs ripple evenly down his torso.
The hairs on the back of her neck rose as she sensed she had said too much.
"That's better than here at least.
"I should go kill the diver man with my bare hands right now."
The door closed behind her and footsteps creaked across the deck.
He used to think people that acted happy all the time were weak, but she had changed his mind.
"Where the hell are you going?" Devyn found himself asking when she walked past the walkway that would have taken her to the employee parking garage and headed towards the street.
They'd failed at the beginning.
Wasn't that how her mother always described marriage?
He helped pull the cover off the seat, puddles of water leaking onto him as the plastic came free amidst bungees and lines of rope.
"Be right there," she yelled back, her voice hitching on a sob.
Away from here and away from the ocean."
"Oh, baby," I croon, adding another finger.
I'm angry with the entire state of Pennsylvania on John's behalf.
By the dim candlelight, he slipped into a white T-shirt and jeans.
"Babe, you were born to stand in front of a classroom, not hang drywall."
The sensations all jumbled inside her.
Decision made, she turned around and-
Never got into TV shows about existential twenty-somethings.
I always had to watch over him.
They're going to convert the whole place into a megabar.
"And you believed me?"
"Are you okay?" John asks, as our waiter scurries off to get our drinks.
It didn't hurt that the hotels you visited started scrambling to make big changes after you left and began giving several of my hotels a run for their money."
For showing me how it could be, how it should be."
He pulls me closer and brushes his nose along my hairline, down my temple to my cheek.
Getting off the island was critical, both for safety and sanity.
And how hard he was thinking it.
I've never been able to hide much from him, dammit.
I can see a zillion stars."
And anyone who dated him was destined for some time on the doctor's couch, for sure.
That's ridiculous.
I will love you for all my days, and one day, we'll be together again."
He studies them, frowning like he's trying to work them out.
"Contemplating my options," Andi said as she turned over onto her side and placed her phone on the nightstand and sighed.
I'm so close to coming already, I'm stunned.
Before I can stop myself, I check his finger for a ring.
"I may have left a few things out," she admitted, knowing better than to tell him everything.
That had come out more harshly than I'd intended.
"French accents!"
The storm, powerful and unrelenting, was hitting the island hard.
She scooted close to him in the center of the seat, and he put his arm around her.
"Well, from what I can tell, they've managed to move money that had been allocated for this deal around, blending the external transfers together to cover what they were doing.
Looks like you've been wreaking havoc on the human world."
It was an intense friendship.
His cock strained against his pants as he kissed her through her panties, loving the way that she moaned his name as he did it again and again until he opened his mouth and traced the wet material with his tongue.
"But we can't always do what we love, now can we?"
In a matter of hours, he was going to have to return to reality, but until then, he was going to focus on the only thing that mattered to him.
He'd let his brother down when he needed him most.
Ferris wheel.
Pretty sexist.
At least fifty of her, all jumping when she did.
I can't imagine my life without him, my big, strong, tender-hearted guy.
He couldn't be with hercouldn't give her what she deserved.
"They didn't fire you, Andi," Devyn said, making her frown in confusion as she gestured towards the very large security guard that hadn't stopped glaring at her since he showed her the door.
She opened her mouth, thought better of it, tightened her hold on the table and slowly exhaled.
"Okay, well, don't keep me in suspense, tell me the rest."
He made his way around the bar, closing curtains and shades and blinds, then retrieved a couple of new candles off the bar top.
It's only May, but the sun's been nipping at the ripening peach of summer, eager to take a bite.
"You're a victim.
Chapter 32
"Which is why I'm planning on taking a trip to New York to make sure that everything is exactly the way that it should be before I sign that contract," Devyn told him, knowing that he couldn't sign the contract until he went to Hillshire's main offices and got more answers.
But the worry that he might hurt me through his inexperience has him almost shaking out of his skin.
While I'm ruminating on this, he greets me.
I believe him.
"Magic, eh?"
She leaned against the pier in what she hoped was a casual, don't mess with me stance.
Was she hurt?
I hand over a pair of headphones.
He was a great boss, giving his workers time off, bonuses, and raises he probably couldn't afford.
Go home before the storm worsens.
Chase was already drawing up extra drinking water in the kitchenin case they needed fresh water after the storm.
If anyone saw her, it'd be impossible to explain.
She needed him in her mouthnot in a dream, but here.
Sit back, relax, and let me take you on my magic carpet ride."
How did the bar catch on fire?
I don't want anything to obscure his face from me.
I need to take care of a few things here first."
When she laughed, his heart lightened.
Blood rushed to her head, and she closed her eyes to the dizziness and gripped the wet rail.
She didn't mind having a shop on the lower level since it meant she was closer to the sand and waves.
Every muscle seizes like I've grabbed onto a live wire.
And how would being away from the ocean he and Luke both loved solve anything?
A few results pop up, and I scan them until I see Edgerton.
Mari could feel her nostrils flaring, and her face was probably as pink as her T-shirt.
"Who the hell is James Jamerson?"
Why leave?
He was going to fucking kill Lucas.
"The bar is up high, and I have good storm shutters."
Mari's lower lip trembled, and she rubbed her palms against her knees and looked back toward Inna.
I do think he needs a friend, though, and I am more than happy to step into that role.
Inna killed Luke!
I thought you were going to call me when you got off the island and safely inland.
He raced down the beach walkway.
I won't lie, I am giddy.
Now if I can only get my heart to do the same.
"And Mr. Dalton himself has all but admitted his homosex-"
"Which is a problem since I don't like sleeping alone," Andi said, deciding that it probably wasn't a good idea to mention that every time she closed her eyes that she was back in that water.
He watched as she reached over and pressed the call button again before readjusting the comforter around herself with a satisfied sigh only to realize that they were both staring at her.
The next time I see him, John doesn't look like he tried at all.
His breathing changes, sawing in and out of his chest, and I can feel his heart thudding against my back.
Sweat broke out along his brow, and another trail wended down his shoulders.
He scooted down in the seat to give her more access, setting the cart rocking and screeching again.
And could the man she loved be a descendant of merpeople? Her own people?
"No worries," I grunt, rolling out of bed.
Her chest rose and fell, inches from his, and he swore he could feel the heat radiating from her body.
"So, you played some music for him.
He led her inside the dark bar.
"Okay," he says, and I can hear his hesitation.
He looks at me, and I turn my head to meet his eyes.
Dyer's blond hair comes into view as I reach the doorway.
"Hope he didn't see us come in."
"You've made a buddy."
He turned off the stereo and grabbed the remote.
She wanted him and that was all that mattered at the moment.
It's still chilled, and the tap isn't working."
John's reply reaches me from over his shoulder.
She'd go through ten hurricanes, no one hundred, if it meant she was with Chase.
She ducked and followed him into the small room with a tall ceiling.
The defeat.
For the last five years, he'd focused on doing his job, refusing to let anyone or anything get in his way, and now...
There are no more lunches.
I can take care of my shop.
"I don't like going in water when there's a possibility of being devoured by anything that can be nicknamed Jaws," she said, nodding solemnly.
WKMP is fifteen years old this week, and the whole crew comes in for the event.
Figured it would be months before someone snapped it up, since the market isn't great these days."
Live in the now.
I ease off because I don't want to push him.
"Answer the damn phone, Andi," Devyn bit out as he stood in the elevator, ignoring the curious glances being sent his way as he waited for the woman that was scaring the hell out of him to pick up the goddamn phone.
"Why didn't you just tell me what was going on?"
I taught English, and he taught physics.
We'll start anew somewhere else.
I savor him, losing myself in the kiss almost instantly, and my cock stirring from its not-so-restful slumber.
Stop lashing out?
If it weren't for the constant soundtrack running in my head, I might not have made it with my sanity intact.
I hope it's enough."
The odor of the bar burning had spread down on the beach and the faint tendrils of smoke stung her eyes.
She searched the ocean for a few seconds, and he waited on her to continue.
Does he live on the island?"
"The Mermaid's Wheel."
"Construction."
"I'm afraid that Miss Dawson is making a last-ditch effort to help Mr. MacGregor," Lucas said, moving to direct everyone's attention back to the monitor.
Didn't that count for something?
He caresses me with slick fingers, soothing me as he slips free of my body.
Chase flipped on the lights behind the bar proper, and the stacks of glassware along the shelving on the wall twinkled.
It had the lowest and angriest reviews of all the hotels, countless health violations, and-
"What kind of mom do you think I am?"
I'm gonna..."
Ignoring the gasps of outrage and the demand for answers, Devyn picked up the pen and-
He could faintly hear Mari whistling from his bedroom.
I help him shrug out of the shirt and get my first real look at his powerful arms.
"It's a good story.
Many days, she swam without changingthough that made swimming quite a workout, it was safer around humans.
She took his hand into hers, and he closed his eyes and savored the peace that came from her touch.
With the warm humidity, the darkness, and sparkling moonlightit all felt right.
Electricity shot through him as he stiffened more.
I'm holding them apart like they're allergic to each other, while I've apparently been staring at him for who knows how long.
Tonight almost feels like the start of something.
He'd never been able to handle more than a few forgettable nights, never wanted anything more than that, but with Andi, he wanted so much more.
The light coming through them paints the room in cotton candy pink.
I sit close to his knees to give us both room to explore.
She was inches from his face.
"You don't have to worry," he whispered.
Now, I'm shifting on my feet.
Before he could protest, she headed for the door and unlocked it.
You don't live in the past, you're not overly concerned with the future.
The storm wouldn't be that bad.
My knees nearly give.
As soon as they were out in the open, she took a deep breath.
Dyer started it as a joke last Christmas, and a few people joined looking for information on the elusive Frankie L."
"I've known him a long time.
It will take my mind off the storm and pass the time."
While Laura Mvula sings about green gardens, I find the perfect track for John's mood.
Next to the woman, there's a younger woman in a suit, about thirty-five, and a teenaged boy.
I miss having you underneath me, around me...in my mouth."
They gave me a scholarship, skipped me a few grades, and I ended up sitting next to a group of girls who decided that they didn't want to share a table with a six-year-old.
"I think my parents had that as the first dance when they renewed their vows."
There were posters of volcanoes, the Periodic Table, grammar, and past Presidents decorating the walls instead of cartoon characters of the alphabet and numbers.
John crosses his leg and rests his ankle on his knee, the very picture of innocence, but I can see the red creeping up his neck.
"I promise you that this isn't helping," Andi swore as she tried to pull the comforter back over her, only to grumble when he pulled it completely free and dropped it on the floor.
"Yeah ours," he agrees, kissing the top of my head.
It makes me sick."
As soon as the bottle was empty, Devyn tossed it aside and rolled back onto his stomach so that he could bury his face against the pillow as he said, "I thought I told you to go home."
"When we're married, you'll reciprocate.
"You could have told me."
Inna frowned, his brow furrowing almost down to his nose.
The shop basically runs itself. "
"If I were working normal hours, and with a crew, it would only take a week or two, maybe three."
The lack of music makes it almost unbearable.
She turned to him, shook off her fantasy, and smiled.
He might not be her boyfriend, but he showed her what it was like to feel safe.
He just needed to stay focused and stick to the plan, Devyn thought as the elevator stopped and Lucas, the reason that he had this job in the first place, stepped into the elevator with an easy smile on his face as he joined him by the doors.
"And after all of that, he said he fucking loves you?"
"Frankie, you really care about this guy."
"Just do me a favor, will ye?
All I want is for him to look over here.
A Cat Two storm is nothing to take lightly."
"Sounds like you were ambitious," he said as she took in his expensively tailored suit, perfect haircut, and freshly polished shoes and quickly determined that he was upper management.
Doug searched the horizon, taking a long puff on the cigarette.
Chase slurped his coffee and winced at the heat.
"We'll have to find other places to live.
Dyer's left me in good shape.
He was fucking exhausted, but he'd never been happier.
"Not only younger by two years but smaller than kids his age and thin as a stick.
No lights, no cars, nothing.
And how much I've fucked up this chance.
Uncertainty fills his brown eyes, and something more.
"No," was all he said as she stood there debating the best way to get a man that had at least ten inches and seventy pounds of muscle on her into a bathtub against his will.
Our eyes meet, and my breath leaves me.
I'm spinning Massive Attack.
"Most of them do.
I used to love this side of him, this possessive you're-mine-and-no-one-else's side.
He promised he'd come back to be with her, but he never didwe assume he was lost at sea. Or murdered by merpeople."
Thankfully, she'd been able to get her hands on a large, extra-caramel iced coffee from the employee cafeteria before security showed up and escorted her from the building.
Any damage that's there now will be there tomorrow."
Out of reach, like a faint echo of a dream, Luke stood at the edge of the water, poking a dead jellyfish with a piece of driftwood.
I flick my eyebrows in acknowledgment of John's confusion.
Those are some big clouds heading our way."
Falling from the sky and rushing in from the ocean like a living creature.
He traced her slit with soft kisses before running the tip of his tongue over her.
He picks up his glass of lemonade, licking the paper straw into his mouth with a long, sinful tongue.
Unfortunately, I don't have any cookies on me, so I stick with what I know.
Although he didn't like to show that part of him, it was there, peeking out.
Adrenaline shot through him.
"I think it's time you came home."
Swoon-worthy, but chaste.
It's only natural for him to be gun shy.
Onto the beach?
"He's your boss, Andi."
I shrug, trying to calm the razor-winged butterflies swarming in my stomach.
"Drew took care of it," Andi said with a warm smile as her expression softened, letting him know just how much Drew meant to her and realized that he'd never hated anyone more in his life.
Besides, I can't set out my clothes therethere isn't enough room.
He closed his eyes, ignoring the stinging of the water on his battered face, and wept.
Remembering how he jumped when she touched him before, she gently placed one hand on his shoulder, waited for a reaction, and when she got none, she squeezed.
I give myself a mental slap.
I screw them into him, stretching him gently, opening him up.
We've only begun to learn about each other and there are many more things we need to find out.
"I need to go," he says, practically pushing me off his lap.
"Well, I think that went well," Andi said, sending the man that hadn't said anything since they'd left the boardroom a hopeful smile only to find him glaring across the table at her.
She didn't know whether to laugh or cry, but she'd never been one to back down from a challenge.
No underwear, but he'd live with it.
I feel like I'm missing something.
"I gave her another job," Devyn said, shifting his attention back to the email that he'd been reading when Lucas showed up.
Maybe this wouldn't be so bad after all.
I order a shot of Bullet Rye, with a local IPA, and sit so that I have a clear sightline to the door.
He pumped a few times, feeling her tighten her lips around him.
"Your apartment was torched," Drew said, looking really determined as she found herself dragged out of the car and thrown over his shoulder with a satisfied sigh.
My fly is undone, John's shirt is untucked, and we're clawing and biting each other like cannibals.
A stutter formed in his breath, and he coughed.
But her fiancé?
Slowly, gently, I push forward.
Dyer makes a lustful sound and I can't blame him.
But he's Highland stock.
Maybe she could get her sister to record a CD, or Mari could try whistling to him.
After gently removing the condom from him and tying it off, I wrap it in a leftover napkin from the Chinese takeaway I'd had earlier in the week.
But it's more convenient to grab two slices of mass-produced bread, a bit of pre-sliced cheese product, and some lunch meat to make your kid a sandwich.
As much as she loved naptime, she felt that her time would be better spent focused on higher academic pursuits, and she had to admit, she didn't see that happening if she stayed in kindergarten.
Chapter 35
I'll have to deal with him here."
I nod toward the messy man-bun knotted against his nape.
Anger still sparkles at my edges, waiting to creep into my empathy.
Get some fresh air away from this place.
"You could.
Right now?
We both lean over to stare down at the green muck.
Chapter 18
Because he hadn't been paying much attention to her then.
Surprised, John's mouth drops open.
She didn't want to find out just how much it would hurt to lose Devyn, Andi thought as she finished her shower and grabbed a towel.
Because this was just a job and as long as she remembered that, she would be fine.
"To figure out the best way to get through this without ending up working in the accounting department again," Andi said, knowing that she wouldn't have a choice if she couldn't do this.
He turned to watch her sleep.
He also didn't mention the embezzlement, which confirms my suspicions that he isn't sure that we know about it and just in case we didn't, he was careful not to tie me to it, knowing that it would give away too much.
Made him feel understood, and that's something he hadn't felt since before Luke died.
It's at this moment I realize I am deeply, irrevocably in love with this man.
Quickly decided that was a bad idea when more pain tore through her body, forcing her to sit back down and grab hold of the freshly polished mahogany table as she tried to breathe through the pain.
She was still, and he realized she was whistling softly.
"Do the top first," he grunted.
His tongue darts out to wet them, and I flush with heat.
Inna groaned and tugged his hair free, then stood.
"No..." Seven, eight, nine...
I'd gotten the tattoo when I was at university, after a break-up.
"Now, move out of my way!
Middle child.
John rocks on his heels, eyeing us both.
"I've got some tricks," Mari's mother said.
"Has he always been crazy?"
At shops, at restaurants.
As the chatter continues, I quiet my steps and slow down.
She wiggled to get more comfortable, her shorts damp from the wet sand.
She giggled at the thought of how embarrassing it would be and then took a bite of the sandwich.
"And is there a reason why you're doing that?"
Her bedroom was probably wet, but there wasn't anything irreplaceable or of high value in there.
"Not that I'm aware of?" she murmured, taking in the large man standing next to her from his neatly combed black hair, ocean blue eyes, and the firm set of his jaw and couldn't help but wonder if he ever smiled.
One day, she'd write a novel, for sure.
She wouldn't, but Mari hoped her saying it would convince Inna.
It lingers there a moment or three before returning to my eyes.
She spread her legs and he wanted to bury his face in that wetness again.
That would be no life for a child."
"I want to give you the same pleasure you gave me."
Sex had always left her feeling...alone.
"That someone will see you.
The groan he gives me is throaty and needy and, fuck, so damned sexy.
My gaze pops back up to his, and my stupid heart takes off on a gallop.
Inna and her mother would have to deal with it.
"Besides that," Devyn said, glancing back down at the email that he was trying to make sense of as he opened the door for her.
She almost laughed, but held it in, knowing Inna would flip out if she did.
His military training left little room for small talk when there was a task at hand.
Besides, the storm may not make landfall near us.
"Depends on how old you were when you did it."
I need to feel you inside me.
My guess is that it's a combo.
The strong September sun cast a rainbow of fluid shapes onto the gift shop floor.
They looked like wrestlers, vying for position on a tiny pink-glittered podium.
The nights in his arms were the best of her life.
He is breathtaking, and inviting, and I want to dive in.
"I can't get back up," she said.
"It's complicated, Chase.
"I could be a serial killer," Andi pointed out.
Thankfully, he'd been out like a light during the rescue and didn't recognize her afterward.
My mom was big on analysis.
I didn't know that was the same band that did Roxanne."
Well," she waved her arm, indicating everyone around him.
"That's the best explanation I've heard."
He was safe here.
"You wouldn't dare," he said.
She forgot to inform me, and the babysitter wants to charge me extra to get things started before I get home."
He couldn't pretend that he didn't think about her, want her, and-
All faced greater threats than a silly storm.
I'm not sure why I'm feeling charitable, but if you want him to have any chance at a life after this mess, you better listen up.
"My parents were high school sweethearts with big plans only to find out that they were going to have a baby sooner than they'd expected.
"Let me finish my sweep.
My knees are weak.
Which meant...
Probably pays his rent in tips alone.
He barely noticed her.
"Ah, we wouldn't have to choose from this crazy menu?" He looks pleased by the notion.
He'd miss the life he'd created heresummer, beer, sand...
"I'll catch you both."
Garrett has a bloody five-ten-fifteen plan."
"What a beautiful day," she said aloud.
I want to tuck the strands away, kiss his skin there.
"I can't reach you from here.
Despite this, I know he's studying me carefully.
And this conversation is far from over.
This merman wasn't menacing.
That had nothing to do with Chase."
I was wrong, I think, in my first assessment of him.
As if Sting's voice isn't distinctive.
Let me make sure he's gone and not hiding here.
"The light's already fading, and I'd like to get home before night."
Formerly married to a doctor, Michelle.
Before I realize what's happening, there's a whoosh of cold air at my back.
"The waves washed the jelly over Luke's foot, and he shrieked and turned to run, tripped, and fell face-first into the water."
"H-hi," I breathe, mentally calculating how many minutes I have left until the next station identification spot.
He jumped up and started toward her, but the guards held him back.
And wedding plans."
"Unlimited access to the supply closet," he said, watching as Nicholas' lips pulled up into a smile.
The silence stretches on and I still haven't responded.
This could truly be proof.
My dick slides along the smooth planes of his abdomen, leaving wet streaks of need on his golden skin.
I'm inside you.
The waves hit her one by one as she walked out, splashing up her ankles, then her knees, then her thighs, and she shivered.
I let them drop, step out of them, and suddenly I'm naked, my cock slapping against my belly.
I'd been drawn to John from the moment we met.
"According to her entry in the diary, he didn't know she was pregnant when he left her on the island.
"Was that the VP of marketing's assistant I saw out there?"
-grabbed his chair and sent it flying across the room.
If she couldn't slay them with a song like other mermaids could, she could tie them up and beat them to death with her sharp wit.
Although she seemed perpetually happy, she had pain in her life, like everyone else.
"He's your cousin, but we never have to see him again.
Tears streamed down her face and she scanned the platform for something to throw.
She shivered as a cloud passed by the sun, cutting off the warmth for a moment.
You have your playlist?"
About the Author
"Perfect," I reply, taking in more of his decor.
But we need to be careful."
I nod and try to keep my voice even.
She wouldn't sleep with him if she were engaged to someone else.
"Thank you," he says into my hair, his breath hot and humid.
Simon is single-handedly responsible for half of WKMP's operating budget.
Nodding, she pulled the towel close around her and headed down the hallway.
"I can't believe you've never seen Purple Rain," I exclaim as we cross the bridge, stopping on the path to let that bit of news sink in.
"Maybe he isn't following us anymore."
We'll make it through this storm."
The banging of shutters upstairs had stopped at least an hour ago, and the guys had gone to catch the afternoon ferry off the island.
He moved to check the side of the deck that didn't face the water.
He called her his mermaid because of the necklace, nothing more.
I hate seeing him flayed open.
Chase held the makeshift icepack to his face.
His fingers in my hair.
It wasn't a question.
Merpeople feared him and stayed away from him and even her mother kept her visits short.
She looked into his eyes, and for a moment, he lost himself there.
She deserved better.
"I'm not leaving without you, Mari."
There was no way he'd seen the monster on that dive.
"No, that's just something I learned to do at a young age.
Then on that fateful dive, his world fell apart.
What if he wants to hurt us?"
Anyway, I just...I wanted you to know what happened so that you'd know how much you helped me that night."
Sampan is busy when I arrive, and I get to the restaurant first.
She should get back inside and help with the storm prep.
Wonder why Dyer and Gayle are always laughing when they're with you.
"I'm sorry, Mr. MacGregor, but that's impossible.
"Come back to bed."
And at that moment, I see him.
"We can outrun himat least until we can hide.
"He's coming," she whispered.
Not even a goodbye for me.
Vulnerability looks so sexy on him.
Though John and I spend a lot of time together, we've yet to spend a whole night.
"I'm happy we went, but I'm also happy we're back at the bar now.
Chase stepped closer, his footsteps heavy on the wooden floor as if the weight of his news burdened his stride.
"Help me understand.
He pressed his tongue between her teeth, and she let out a yowl as his naked body surged against her.
He's very tactile, which I love.
I can show you, but I have more condoms in-"
He had back-to-back meetings all morning before the big meeting and she was hoping to use that time to get everything done, but...
I keep my body forward and lean against the rail.
"Because I have no idea what this is," Andi admitted even as she had to admit that she definitely wanted to kiss Devyn again.
Ride or die, as the kids say.
"The electricity is still out."
It wasn't until that night, after the fight with Michelle, when he asked me what I was really pissed about, that I realized I had more of a marriage with him than I did with my wife.
"But you'll be up to your ears in fresh corn.
If she'd been in the sea, Mari would have flipped up her tailfin with joy.
Blue warmth flowed through her, starting at her head and rushing to her feet, filling her and commanding her body to undulate in time with the moving water.
"Which brings up an interesting question, when's the last time that you got laid?"
Did the brute have no feelings?
He watched her gaze out over the ocean with an almost reverent look on her face.
Fucking idiots.
"If you look at the last quarter, you can clearly see that the numbers don't match the records that Hillshire Hotels sent over.
Her face warmed, and she closed her eyes and touched her lips.
Chase jumped to the next circle, one painted bright orange with lime-green stripes.
Occasionally he glances at the phone clipped to his hip.
It only takes us thirty minutes to get to Cherry Hill.
"Gonna need my help tomorrow?"
I stop pressing long enough to shove food in my gob.
Some wind and rain and high surf, and he was safe and dry.
Could the tale she had heard all her life be real?
Isn't this nice?" the reason why he was losing his fucking mind said as she took in the large suite they'd been given for the night while he stood there beyond fucking relieved that it was finally over.
The pearl, heavy in her hand, throbbed with energy and life.
I hope he gets there with me.
Steamy, sexy romances, with her as the heroine.
"Maybe he should switch to birdwatching," she says with an entirely straight face.
The giant Ferris wheel from the amusement park down the beach stood still with no sign of lights or movement.
That was agonizing, apparently.
"How old?" My voice has dropped to that careful whisper you use around the sick and the grieving.
The following track has one of the fattest grooves I've ever heard on a rock record, but I don't say anything to John when it begins.
"We're higher up anyway, and there isn't any point in either of us doing this alone."
"Do you?" I ask, slipping a second finger inside his gorgeous ass.
You're staying?
Wasn't that what the therapist told him?
He was underwaterso quiet he felt thick pressure in his ears.
Clearing his throat, Lucas said, "That's not true."
And you'll be able to make the freshest bread ever."
She deserved more than a fling and more than him.
And the polo he's wearing looks ridiculously good clinging to his biceps.
Especially not after a storm
Okay, so that wasn't entirely true, but she liked working for Devyn.
For the past month, they'd been working their asses off, trying to find a way to fix this mess, and now that they'd finally gone through the least profitable properties that Carta Hotels owned...
She stepped back and set the drill down, never letting her gaze drift from his.
"You're out of your fucking mind," Devyn said, shaking his head in disbelief because there was no way in hell that he could really believe that this would work.
It had been for a thousand dollars and it had been transferred back to the original account.
He also wanted to know why the IT department was able to trace the original email back to this building.
She looked at him with the most forlorn look he'd ever seen.
I loved my brother so much, and he died young.
"It's only because you are part mer that you can adapt so easily."
He looked for Mari along the strip of sand but didn't see her among the few people that lingered on the beach.
And suddenly the ache I have for him, the lust he inspires, is riding me hard, right alongside my compassion.
Unless alone was a type.
No, she knew what she liked.
He had no fucking clue where she was.
Keeping me from falling and failing at the same time.
The other hotels offer fewer amenities, their prices on average are twenty percent higher during January and their occupancy rates are higher because they are filling a need that Roman Palms is ignoring," Andi explained as she swiped to a competitor's website and he saw their claim as the perfect wedding destination in Florida.
"There's still a little wind."
The ocean had taken away everything he cared about.
The bar, familiar, yet strange in the candle-glow, was all he had to remind him of Luke.
It's lumpy and uncomfortable, and I wish I were at home.
Next to go is my tee, and then we're both shirtless.
"Tall, broad, with golden skin, thick black hair, and a great smile."
The men sized each other up, Inna crouching and sneering.
"Then how can you explain-"
He felt it vibrating and pounding in his soul.
He steps in front of me, putting his back to the room and to John.
Whether he knew she was a mermaid or not, it didn't matter now.
The man's long, dark hair, plaited into a multitude of tiny braids that fell to his waist, swung as he walked.
"I always knew I wanted to work in music, I just never thought it would be in this capacity.
For now, he'd observe from the deck.
An inauspicious beginning, to be sure.
"You really would," came the murmured agreement along with a firm nod as she tried to go for a hard look in her eye that she just couldn't pull off before she forgot that she was trying to intimidate him and mumbled sadly, "My slippers," with a pout when she realized that her slippers were getting wet.
I open my door and climb out into the bright sunshine.
His forearm flexed involuntarily, setting the tentacle tattoo in motion.
I hang up the phone and add Should Have Known Better by Sufjan Stevens to the queue.
I feel the need to rescue him.
I swallow and breathe through my nose while I stroke over his prostate.
He bolted the extra locks and leaned his head against the doorframe.
"It takes more than questionable taste in music and a fuck-hot body to turn your head.
A large chunk of concrete lay near the water's edge where the pier began, tossed onshore or maybe ripped from a home down the beach.
Emergency personnel would be the first to return.
"You've asked this question before?"
She climbed up onto the barstool and fanned herself with her hand.
He must die."
Wait the storm out, then return to the bar and get the place ready to close.
We have a meeting," he drawled, mostly to piss her off since he couldn't help but notice just how fucking adorable she was when she grumbled.
His eyes are the same color as the clouds above.
I'm a wee bit taken aback by the force of the lust I feel for him at that moment.
She pulled him along the sandy street, tugging him whenever he slowed.
I've been floating in a bubble, and I don't want it to burst.
Move out west like you planned.
"Settled?" he repeated as the little brat that he adored nodded with a forlorn sigh.
She watched him move toward the bar in the darkened room, his shadowed form strong and certain.
John Burton wants something from me.
Violently, I mean?"
I move to stand up, but Garrett catches my arm and pulls me toward him.
He'd have figured it out eventually, but she had hoped it would be after he left.
She snuggled into the coolness of the cover.
"I can't lose you too, Chase.
She took a deep breath and headed down the stairs.
He'd babysat for one bartender when the guy had to visit a friend in the hospital.
The bar, this shop, everything."
Amber eyes narrowing, he searches my face.
"Are the firemen back on the island?" she asked.
"Inna," her mother's voice sounded across the sand, authoritative and firm.
She'd changed intosurpriseanother pink T-shirt and a pair of jeans.
"It's okay," she mumbled sadly with a sniffle.
"What did he think the issue was?"
Besides, she wasn't going anywhere.
"I have a question," Drew said, pausing long enough to finish off the last bite of her sandwich.
"Take a deep breath," Travis said, shooting her a smile as he adjusted his snorkel and lowered himself into the water until the only thing above the water was his snorkel.
Maybe it would be best if she were engaged.
I only want to be seen when I want to be seen.
One Week Later...
He couldn't imagine a life without her.
Teardrop is a fantastic fucking song but, if I hear it one more time, I'm going to bloody murder someone.
We're alone."
And then there are the texts.
"That depends," Andi said as she reached back into her bag and pulled out a small apple juice.
"You like it?" He smiles over the rim of his glass.
This answer says I don't want to offend you by included a genre you hate or excluding a genre you love.
And remember, winds on the west side of the eye wall aren't as strong or destructive as what we'll feel as the eastern eye wall passes.
She glanced towards the back of the room to find bookshelves filled with books and board games, along with a large beanbag chair that looked inviting.
She kicked sand at him, hoping to hit him in the face, but he didn't let go.
Friends with benefit?
Not due to him being nervous, which he clearly is
He responded with a nip and she pulled back.
"Probably shouldn't have had that beer.
We're confused by it.
Decision made, she opened the stairwell door and was immediately hit with what smelled like a public toilet.
She closed her eyes and concentrated on each movement.
The warm sun ran down his back and heated him.
"She wanted to be with the privateer named Christopher, but they had to fake her abduction so that she could be with him.
Each seat was named after a sea inhabitant, like the shark, the reef, the octopus.
I have no idea how long we stay like that, caught up in each other's gaze, but the fading verse of Soul Coughing's Lazy Bones jars me from the trance.
The dark wood paneling on the walls gave the appearance of nighttime, even with all the lights on.
"Did you know you have your own fan group on Facebook?"
"Glasgow is a big city, but nothing like the cities here."
They'd lived together.
"You live alone," he pointed out.
In fact, he'd have done everything he could to help.
"The way you're able to pick just the right song for every caller."
There was no door into the next room, but the floor was full of garish circles and platforms, some surrounded by lights.
We sometime banter back and forth about the state of music, and I try hard to prove to him that all is not lost by introducing him to lesser-known Indie artists.
No one ever understands my method, not even other DJs.
"At this point, I'm willing to take the chance," Devyn said, willing to do almost anything at this point to fix this mess.
"Together, yes."
Hillshire Hotels had been able to expand their staff, renovated over fifty percent of their holdings, and managed to improve their occupancy rates, and were willing to sell the majority share of their stock to Carta Hotels for a very reasonable price.
"I'm surprised about that.
He ran to the edge of the parking lot and turned to look back.
He blew gently at one of the candles, setting the flame flickering and dancing.
Sharp stones cut his feet, but he continued.
Of course, I'm curious.
If you look at the screen, you'll see the corresponding numbers to the reports that I have.
Not even in my head.
Or, rather, croak.
"That's not the point, Garrett."
"I can't do this anymore," Andi mumbled hollowly as she looked up at the large, rundown hotel that he'd dragged her to and...
With a moan, she brought his hand between her legs as any thoughts of leaving her quickly disappeared when he found her wet.
Doug scratched his head.
The journal was at his mother's house, but if he didn't save the painting, it'd be history lost.
His survivor guilt had crashed in like a tsunami.
He needed to stay focused, Devyn reminded himself as he toed off his shoes and pulled off his shirt, tossing it over his jacket before dropping down on the couch and sighed.
I was interviewing for an entry-level position with marketing.
The world shrinks to just the space we occupy on the studio floor.
It's a first for us, well, for me.
The candle was the only scented one that was lit, and vanilla wafted through the bar, warm and heavy.
"Wasn't last night fun?"
I'm melting, and the A/C is cranked up to glacier in here.
Chapter Three
He was in his bar.
Fucking aural heroin, this band.
"If you want some extra cash, you could help me with the storm shutters and plywood early morning.
You're all around me, so hot and so tight and so bloody perfect.
When he kicked and tried to grab the lifeline of air, it slithered out of reach.
"Pull together emergency supplies while we can."
"Besides the fact that you saved Carta Hotels ten billion dollars?" Devyn drawled even as he considered pointing out that Harold came to his office yesterday to personally invite her to the gala, but he already knew that he'd be wasting his time since she'd sat on the couch, absently humming to herself the entire time as she did whatever it was that she did.
Andi found herself wondering as she adjusted the large stack of files that she'd helped herself to from the accounting department in her arms as she considered the woman that was clearly here to put a smile on someone's face.
His bio said he was a middle child.
He and Luke would have led the reconstruction.
She had no idea what it was like to blame yourself for a brother's death.
Frankie knows what's good for ya.
It's a musical phrase.
She moved to sit beside him, lowering herself onto the couch gently.
It wasn't fair to her to let her think otherwise.
I know my plusses and minuses, but I squirm under his gaze.
Ever since he breezed into my life this past spring, disappeared without a trace over the summer, and magically rematerialized just as the air turned crisp, I've felt this buzzing under my skin.
A lot of them and I'd really like them now," Andi said, nodding frantically as she decided that sitting no longer worked for her and gestured with her other hand for her husband, whom she loved more than anything, to do something about the pain.
Surely you remember stories of you two as kids.
I want to be with you, and I thought you wanted to be with me."
Heat filled his groin and crept up his face as he thought about pushing into her, her eyes heavy-lidded and her mouth slightly open.
"I missed you," Devyn said, closing his eyes as he kissed the side of her neck as he felt all the stress that had kept him going over the past month disappear.
They sprinted by the swings, the swinging parts and seats stowed away for the storm, leaving tendrils of chain here and there to sway in the wind like a giant, metallic willow tree.
She kissed him on the forehead and then turned to her mother.
When he plunged his tongue into her most intimate spot, the bottom fell out of the sea and she was sucked into a roiling whirlpool.
"I can't relax if you're doing that."
She let out a surprised half squeal, then wrapped her arms around his neck.
And right now, safe felt like more than enough.
Maybe I need to start hitting the gym."
The strong current pushed her toward the beach, and she struggledthe storm was already sending out strong waves.
Found herself wondering why it was so light.
"Things that don't pertain to this job," Andi said, wondering if she would have been better off taking Uncle Shawn up on his offer to work at the school, but she would really rather avoid going that route if she could, knowing how it would end.
I often head up the interstate to New Hope hours before my shift, just to cruise the winding roads and take in the colors.
Gayle is moving fast, tossing things haphazardly into her enormous purse.
Camera flashes pop incessantly, and there's a murmur amongst the school of sharks.
"Because you can barely handle candlelight, how are you supposed to manage reading through thousands of documents, graphs, and financial reports?" came the question that had him grinding his teeth, knowing that she was right and fucking hating it.
His regulator uselessly threw bubbles into the water as it snaked around his head.
"Once he's gone, you and I will swim home and tell your mother you're ready for the wedding.
Can we really move past this?
She followed, setting her pillar candle between his.
"Yeah, it was intense."
And they'd had sex, then eaten sandwiches like nothing had happened.
Maybe they were only after Christopher."
"It's fine, Nicki.
Maybe having her stay hadn't been such a good idea, but she not only brought out his anger, in some odd way, she soothed him.
Always had been, and if she hadn't become sick when he was sixteen...
Jack Sparrow, indeed.
"Not much more you can do unless you plan to hold the boards while the wind blows."
"Comforting a child who was upset.
He didn't care about Mari.
Chicago, 1893 World's Fair, that's when the Ferris wheel made its debut."
Use my bedroom.
The wind rubbed against the outside of the bar incessantly and a low whine sounded through the cracks around the door and windows.
He definitely didn't look like he'd spent the last ten hours in a fucking emergency room, losing his fucking mind because no one would tell him anything.
I don't have anyone, anything, just my rent.
I like food, love it even, but I'm not a foodie.
John's muscles flex and clench all around me.
Maybe not a realistic mermaid, but the decoration was quaint, and tourists loved ocean fantasy, as the store's Labor Day receipts proved.
I try not to blush.
"That number," Lucas said, tapping the number, "has been used to contact several of Carta's hotels, making arrangements for the audited files and attempting to have money transferred."
His hand sneaks between my legs and there's pressure against my navel as he undoes the button of my cargo shorts.
I've never been self-conscious about my body.
But the sound he just made.
God, he could hold on to her forever, lost in her gentleness and the scent of fresh oranges that released from her hair as his fingers tangled in it.
For the past two weeks, she'd spent every waking moment searching through every file that she could get her hands on, hoping to find something that would clue them in to their mystery VP's identity.
She watched his chest rise and fall, and she clutched him again, enjoying the way his body responded to her touch.
Clearly, they smell blood.
On the weekends, there's a bit of leeway, but I don't have anything close to the freedom that I get at night.
They'd made love all night, every time was better than the last until they'd finally passed out an hour ago.
Did the guy know where Mari's shop was?
His smile twinkles in the ambient light.
"Sorry," John says, his voice tender.
Garrett wraps his arms around me and settles his head on my shoulder.
So, I can't figure out why John is busting his balls at WKMP.
This is the thought in my head as I collapse back against the sofa cushions.
His head reeled like he'd jumped from a hundred-foot cliff.
I also sent Lucas's team an audit for the Hillshire Hotels project, which is just a precaution at this point since it appears as though they've stopped for the time being, most likely because they know that you're trying to find out what went wrong with the deal," Andi finished with another swipe and a firm nod.
Off the north end of this island?
Had I been that much of a dick to him?
"I said I can pack those up myself.
She wanted the truth, no matter how difficult it was to hear.
Of course I knew.
I did, him not so much, but whatever.
"We were talking about your sleeping issues," Devyn murmured as she pulled her hand free and took over, needing the comforting movement.
"You're right, of course," I say, as matter-of-factly as I can muster.
She turned, and he saw the misery in her face.
"I'll get it..." He picked up his beer and a candle and sauntered off to his bedroom.
I tell him everything.
Or maybe I'm just afraid to hope it means what I think it means.
Every pull, wiggle, and strain caused sharp pain to tear through her back, but she didn't care.
He wasn't a brutal pirate like Blackbeard.
All of these little ornaments could get broken.
"He was probably right, though I don't think that's a negative thing," John squeezes me tighter.
He drank, and she watched his Adam's apple bob with each swallow.
It is, and he maneuvers the car into a parking spot.
When he speaks again, his voice is quiet.
It was a freshness that was all man with a dash of sweat.
His bar was upstairs from her shop where patrons could get a better view of the water.
No amount of parties with Dyer, clubbing with Garrett, or moping in my flat tubthumpering to Ed Sheeran can replace it.
I don't want to be sad.
Or he could have been tossed over by his crew.
Except that he does interact with others at the station.
"Just wanted to see how you were."
"You hate my show."
I'm convinced you have music in your veins instead of blood.
His bruised face, pale in the candlelight, looked like someone had taken a purple crayon and colored his cheek, or dusted him with purple chalk.
He'd miss his room, with its quaint coziness.
They were counting on the deal to go through for their bonuses and of course, an invitation to the gala in May.
It wouldn't be the first time that his assistant had been scared off, and unfortunately for him, it probably wouldn't be the last time.
Wanna sweep too?"
"Wasn't expecting one," Andi said, wondering if she'd be able to find a pharmacy that delivered.
"I want to come inside you, Mari, feel you beneath me as I take you.
His voice is a shadow of itself, gravelly and yet thin.
"There's a place in Midtown that I've heard a lot about but haven't tried."
His words wash over my skin on warm breaths, and it takes a moment for my brain to process them.
She decided that perhaps it would be for the best if she stopped talking when the next contraction robbed her of the ability to breathe.
A mermaid choosing to bear children with a human, it wasn't unheard of.
"Yeah," I husk, my erection bobbing helplessly between us, dripping precome steadily.
How many times had he and Luke rocked the cart to try and frighten each other?
Floyd, Zeppelin, Nirvana, Soundgarden."
It reads Whitman High School victim's family speaks in defense of accused teacher.
Like trying to catch a shadowyou know it's there, you can see it, but every time you move it slips out of reach.
We were barely even friends.
He stayed still, his head on the back of the seat and his eyes closed.
According to the surveys that Roman Palms sends its guests, the majority of the guests staying during January are there because they are attending weddings at nearby hotels that didn't have room for them."
Chase smelled good, like excitement and a moonlit night.
When her back arched off the bed, he ran his tongue back down to her core and started all over again until her breath caught in her throat and-
He had to be inside her, feel her body pressed against his.
It was more than I usually eat in an entire day, and I had struggled.
Shame on you!"
If he were part merman, everything would change.
Her soft body quivered in his embrace and her breath came in short bursts.
The name enters my mind before I can stop it.
Another Christmas from Hell (Coming November 2022)
He wanted control over others, whether it was tribal power or personal power, and that need radiated from him like a submarine's sonar ping.
Pulling me into his body.
She had nothing to do with this deal," Devyn pointed out, feeling numb as he sat there, thinking about all the time that he'd spent with Andi, the way that she'd taken care of him, toyed with his fingers, the way that she curled up in his arms, the way that she kissed him as they made love, and-
They should have everything that we need."
His eyes dance as he watches.
After the storm, a few more trips back to the island and he'd be done with the bar.
He tried to plant a kiss on her mouth, but at the last second, she turned her head enough that his kiss landed on her cheek.
He simply helped himself to the glue from the craft cabinet, walked over to the girls that really seemed to enjoy tormenting me and poured it over their heads along with the bag of glitter that he'd brought with him," Andi explained with a satisfied sigh when she spotted the large king-sized bed.
"But harmless."
She was organized, extremely focused, and goal-oriented, but unfortunately for him, it didn't appear as though she had any of the qualities that made a good assistant.
Dreaming about him.
I'd almost forgotten the way my name sounded in his rolling thunder of a voice.
Damn, he had to get control of his emotions.
She wouldn't let him win, no matter how much she wanted to know what he was talking about.
That led her to searching through the rest of the piles, tossing aside the files that were useless until she found exactly what she needed.
Chapter 29
"I'm a slob," I remind him.
Shown his empathy.
For several minutes, he lay there, struggling to catch his breath as he held the woman that was quickly becoming the most important thing in the world to him before he forced himself to finally release her.
Mari banged her flip-flop on the sand.
It's so...bare and so damn loud.
"You're listening to 91.9 WKMP," I croon into the mic just as New Order finishes.
I'm so stunned by his casual comment, I can't think of anything to say.
The real me.
The lower level of the building didn't have storm shutters like the bar did, and a huge stack of plywood lay on the deck waiting to be attached to the window frames.
She wiped her eyes and tried to control the violent sobs.
He rolls his head to plant kisses along my collarbones and throat.
"And that same year, the US was trying to outdo the 1889 World's Fair, which had showcased the newly built Eiffel Tower.
He spotted her crouched in the sand near what was left of the pier.
He didn't answer but removed the rest of sun catchers one by one.
It had been years since he'd touched a woman, but he'd never had a problem finding a willing woman to spend the night with.
"Explain," Andi said, narrowing her eyes on him as she waited for him to say something that would leave her with no other choice but to grab the plate of bacon and walk away.
"No need to be sorry, just tell me what's going on."
He slipped back to that place.
All I hear from them, whenever we cross paths, is about how much better New York is.
John laughs at Morris Day's antics, taps his foot to the music, and reacts to every bit of emotion the film elicits.
"Why did you quit?"
"They didn't know we were still here, apparently."
"Guess Christopher finally realized that they weren't going to evade them on the water, so he set Amelia out on land somewhere around Somer's Island, in Bermuda.
As soon as they rested a while.
He motioned her to join him, and she could sense his scowl, even if she couldn't see it clearly from where she stood.
Seeing him reminded her of everything she was trying to get away from.
This could be the key to saving Chase.
Needing more, Devyn shifted back on the couch so that he could follow the shallow slit between her legs, the sweet aroma of her arousal reaching him when his lips touched the damp material covering her, letting him know just how much she wanted this.
He looks ridiculously pleased with himself, which I suppose he should be.
Taking a deep breath, Andi slowly lowered herself into the water and-
I can't remember the name of the town and don't bother to go look at the photograph to see if it's there.
When her breathing quickened, he held her steady and firm and continued his assault on her mouth.
My tongue darts out to taste him before I can even stop myself, and I groan when he pulls back.
Stray hairs that had escaped his braid writhed like angry snakes around his face and whipped about his shoulders.
She hated everything about working in the accounting department, from the depressing beige cubicle walls that never failed to depress her to the never-ending supply of spreadsheets, invoices, and receipts that found their way to her desk, all while she struggled with the soul-crushing boredom that threatened to swallow her whole.
You can check it yourself.
"That's great," I say, pleased for her.
Chase had passed out and barely survived, and he'd never brought up seeing anything.
Because I miss you, babe.
The monotony has only occasionally been broken up by Dyer's invitations to go clubbing, which I usually don't, Nicki's concern, which I  try to ignore, and Garrett's not-so-subtle hints that he's still open to hooking up.
"I realize this is short notice, but I have to get out of this town.
"You're serious."
Was he racing to see Lexi right now?
The shop wasn't likely to flood, not with the pylons the whole building sat on.
At least Inna wouldn't be around for the next twelve hours unless he was lurking offshore and waiting.
She'd wondered if it was related to the dive and the loss of his brother.
I groan as his hands slide from my body.
Silence is loud.
Now he wanted to move.
"He'd moved out from Boston and was new to the area," he continues.
The deal never should have got as far as it did, so I wanted answers.
They had to get out of the fun house before Inna caught them.
For a moment, she contemplated using the notes that she'd made, but...
He'd been an ostrich in his grief.
Just come, I want to feel you squeezing me.
"I'll hang them in your bathroom.
"Probably made everything worse," Lucas admitted, sighing heavily as he stood up.
He had all the time in the world to pleasure her in many ways.
John kicks blindly behind him.
The next morning, he didn't say anything when Uncle Shawn dropped me off at school.
And I want you, but I don't want to hurt you."
"Security took one look at me and decided that I was too dangerous to be allowed inside," Andi said with a helpless shrug.
"Chase," she said, her voice muffled in his shirt.
Every time she let herself get close to someone...
"No matter how this turns out, I want to know you.
"His heart's beating," she said as the lips that he would give absolutely anything to feel against his again pulled up into a warm smile.
I slip into booth B and close the door halfway.
I slide my hand up along his muscular thigh, squeezing gently.
Establishing his unavailability to the flirty, pretty Ward.
His hands trembled as he set the glass on the bar.
"She was pregnant when he set her out on the island."
She knew his face well enough to imagine his bright-green eyes narrowing with whatever stress this bad news was causing.
And he'd mostly escaped his anxiety about the hurricane while they talked.
"Let's get a place together, you and me."
ride operator.
Garrett takes it from me and deftly hauls my leg over his so that I am standing over him, his legs between mine.
"His family kidnapped my great-great-grandmother."
My jaw aches, but I can't stop.
Present Day, North Carolina coast
"Thanks, um, it probably would have, yeah."
The sight of John's lean, sculpted body beneath me is like something out of a dream.
He tipped her head up and looked into her eyes and she nearly fainted from the rush of pure joy that flashed through her.
I think the bar's on fire."
"O-okay," I say, already starting to walk backward.
"As soon as they reached the corner, he veered off towards the executive parking lot and Miss Dawson went inside."
It's a car most people would call ugly, but I love every inch of it.
Getting involved with her was the worst possible thing he could do, even though she told him she understood he wasn't making a commitment.
It isn't that I was unhappy before John came along.
Luke was already dead when she arrived, and if she'd tried to swim him in too, Chase might have drowned.
He raised his voice over the waves and his jaw clenched.
Little did he know about the habits of merpeople.
Yes, it did, but she wasn't going to argue with him, not when he was finally going to let her help him.
Now I feel like shit, but I shake it off.
The candles flickered in a sudden draft.
There's a note of judgment in his voice.
"My own sweet mermaid in her fine mermaid jewelry.
Her pink underwear flapped like a flag when she pulled it off, and she balled it up and tucked it in her clothing.
I put my hands on his shoulders and squeeze, willing him to take whatever strength I have.
I look down to find him staring at my dick.
Joy hammered her heart and she longed to shoot through the water, turning flips and straining her muscles till they heated and burned with the nirvana of being one with the sea.
Apparently, the man couldn't resist.
He wraps his arms around my shoulders and drops his face into my neck before he takes a deep breath.
She stared at Inna, all thoughts gone and her mouth suddenly dry.
She'd taken the news better than he expected.
The air is thick and humid as I step out of the car.
But he was broken.
She meant the world to him and he couldn't do anything about it.
She grabbed the TV remote and clicked it.
"Four months."
"I'm new to this, yeah?"
More right than anything had felt in as long as he could remember.
"It's about the bar."
"Did you by any chance go back to the office the other night after you walked me home?"
She wiped her eyes and pulled her wet hair off her neck.
They'd open the storm shutters and take down the plywood today, or maybe tomorrow, depending on how much work it was going to take to clear the deck of debris.
No Chase in sight.
Maybe it's just me.
Waves beckoned him and he moved toward the water, the blue sky doming over him and not a cloud in sight.
Not like we can hurt it by sitting there."
No sign of movement anywhere, besides the ocean and the swaying palm trees.
He shifted, and the couch creaked under his weight.
"It's good to see you."
Then, you have to convince him to gobuy his farm or cows or whatever.
He smiled at her, hoping the decoy move would hide his true feelings.
I've learned how to see what John sees when he looks at me.
"So, vinyl is an artisan loaf, and digital is, what, Wonder Bread?"
He picked up the remote, and as he was about to click the TV on, a loud bang, like a gunshot, echoed through the bar and the lights blinked off.
Stepping around a stack of boxes, he grabbed a blue towel from the unfolded laundry in the basket by his bed.
"Which have apparently turned into the occasional lunch," she retorts.
There was nothing on this earth that could keep him from her.
"Dyer said you throw them when someone mentions a song or band that you hate."
Except little dogs and tornadoes."
"Maybe I should say people aren't good with me."
Lightning flashed, illuminating Inna from behind, naked and wet from swimming, as he strode up the stairs to the porch.
"I'll be glad when it's over."
He was distracted and anxious about the storm.
The new principal wants to bring in a history teacher."
"Here," Devyn said, reaching over to take her hand and placed it on the teddy bear's chest.
She was finally getting him to open up a little, and it was wonderful.
Christ, he'd never wanted anything more, Devyn thought as he laid her down on the bed and reached down, hooking his fingers in her panties and pulled them off, his hungry gaze never leaving her beautiful baby blue eyes as he knelt down between her legs and-
Had him fucking sighing when she hugged the contract against her chest, moved to make a run for it, saw the large security guards walking into the room and decided that diving beneath the table was her best bet as the room erupted in shouted demands that someone stop her.
One lock of hair curls over his right eye and the urge to brush it away is almost overwhelming.
She'd be a terrible spy with her upside-down books and habit of staring at people.
They had less than four months to fix this mess and she wasn't sure that spending their time on a long shot was a good idea.
She was right.
"Wow, this place is fantastic."
He strode back into the bar with a green velvet box and the candle.
That wouldn't be enough.
"The seat's wet on the side," he said.
She tried to stop shaking, as a mix of fear, adrenaline, and exhaustion rushed through her.
Mine isn't.
John's rich, hearty laugh returns and I can't keep the beaming smile off my face.
"We believe that's the man that attacked you," Lucas said as Devyn sat there, feeling sick to his stomach as he looked at the image of Andi wearing flannel pajamas and her favorite Eeyore slippers walking towards Carta's building with a large man only a few feet behind her.
As long as she didn't look at his jeans.
She looked tired, like every ounce of perkiness had been drained out of her, and again, the strong urge to wrap her in a towel and hug her tight hit him in the gut.
"I guess I'm on clean-up duty."
And I enjoyed hearing about the oil painting and Christopher and Amelia and their love child.
"I take that as a challenge."
You don't have to be the mermaid that pines over the sailor she rescued, that's so last century.
"I'm sure that you could, Miss Dawson," he murmured, struggling not to smile, but God, was she fucking adorable.
She could do this, Andi thought, taking in the large desk covered in folders before following Devyn's gesture as he absently pointed out the kitchenette, the breakroom, the file room, the supply closet, and his office, which was behind the large double doors to the right of her new desk.
It had been a long fucking time since he'd been with a woman and the last fucking thing he needed right now was to notice just how fucking good it felt when his assistant touched him.
The large, overstuffed couch is the primary source for seating.
That's crazy isn't it?
Build a karaoke stage.
Mari pushed him toward the final steps that led out of the room.
"This isn't going to end well," Andi mumbled weakly as she finished going through the list.
"The best fucking record you've never heard."
The music draws my attention, as Martina Topley-Bird's angelic voice gently reminds me that I've got about two-minutes-thirty left for this little interlude.
She watched the gull fly inland, likely looking for a place to wait out the storm.
He'd barely managed to register the kiss when she was saying, "Thank you!" as she quickly climbed out of the sled and made her way to Santa's gift shop, leaving him to watch her walk away.
Chase is his descendant."
"Yeah, you do, love," he chides softly.
They run footage of John being led to a police car in handcuffs.
I'm sorry your shop is gone.
Maybe Chase should move to Kansas where Inna couldn't reach him.
No, he remembered doing it before they went to sleep.
I'm good with numbers, trends, patterns, formulas, basically anything with numbers, which is why my uncle gave me a book on investing for my tenth birthday along with twenty dollars and opened an investment account for me, thinking that it would keep me busy for a while."
I'm sure you're a great barista."
I gasp, and he takes the parting of my lips as the invitation I've been trying to give.
How could he tell her that despite everything they'd shared in the last twenty-four hours, he still had to move?
Remember when I told you I was a mermaid?
He hadn't wanted to get into the details with his mom.
"Because you scare me, too," Andi said softly as she looked up and met his gaze.
"Really hoping that I'm able to block this out one day," Andi said, praying that he took pity on her and waited until after she left to answer the question about the last time that his cock had been sucked.
Today, R.L. Mathewson is the single mother of two children that keep her on her toes.
After our nightly chats became a regular thing, I'd looked him up once on social media and had felt guilty about it for a month.
Before her back touched the wall, he was sliding inside her, the large tip slowly stretching her as she moaned his name.
His murmur of delight turns me on.
That's an odd name.
Maybe her mother was right, she should move home and forget humans.
Remember the Disney movie?"
He'd done most of the talking, but she didn't mind.
My great-something-grandmother's name was Amelia.
A Reclusive Heart
It probably wasn't feasible to take each chair off before every storm came through.
"Ummm, this doesn't really feel like you're helping," Andi couldn't help but point out only to moan when he kissed the other cheek.
Maybe we're going to get lucky after all."
He counted to slow it down.
That's why I think he was lost at sea."
"Doesn't sound like nothing," he counters.
It would be the dullest book everand who would buy a romance written by a guy?"
That PTSD had a vise grip on his brain, but knowing it and feeling it were two different things.
As he made his way back to his car, Devyn checked his email, double-checked his flight time in the morning, looked over his schedule for the week, the back-to-back meetings that he had lined up with Hillshire Hotels, noting that he would be back before Friday, giving him plenty of time to go over everything again before the meeting.
"That's probably true, but I'm still gonna need you to answer me anyway," Drew said with a heartfelt sigh as he took another sip of coffee while she lay there, contemplating shoving a pillow over his face and-
She sensed it clearly.
She moved the box of tiny silver-gray sharks' teeth by the cash register to the other side of the counter then back again.
Dyer is a beautiful man, built like a miniature gladiator and just as unattainable.
He stumbled in the darkness as he made his way to the barren street.
A loud bang behind her made her climb faster.
"And no, I'm not staying because of him."
I change the angle of my hips so that my cock pegs his gland with each thrust, and John's mouth leaves mine.
Where I want a partner, Dyer just wants to get off.
He stood and stretched, then carried two lit candles over to the table between the couches.
And then, Johnny leans over and kisses me.
There's never a bloody minute of peace when they're about.
He looks pale.
Not only was there no way to avoid the water, but he'd be at its mercy.
He started to walk away, and she caved, immediately hating that she had.
"She was matriarch of my tribe.
"I wish you would stay on the island," she said.
"Intrigue.
She'd give it her best shot once she came up with a solid plan that didn't involve silk scarves.
He'd never planned to revisit those childhood days.
She didn't have a tail, but feet."
Maybe murdered her.
My mates think I'm crazy to drive such an old clunker, but it suits me.
Found himself lost in her eyes.
If she wasn't afraid she'd scare him away, she'd whistle Sweet Georgia Brown.
"It does," I reply, recognizing the trait in their son.
I tried club DJing once or twice and, I admit, there is a thrill in controlling the energy of a dance floor.
We'll see how long it lasts.
Or how I presume it would be.
Maybe her sister would have some ideas.
The feel of his tongue gliding up my neck, the bite of his teeth along my stubbled jaw, his cock pressing against the inside of my thigh.
We both moan.
He was so handsome, Andi thought as she finished running her fingers along his jaw and found herself tracing his bottom lip.
Like to drink, but I'm not a wine connoisseur.
"I should've told you, and none of this would've happened..."
How would she explain talking to the stranger?
"I've got to finish gathering supplies," he said.
My inner monologue is nonsensical.
Like watching a giraffe try to fold himself into a cardboard box.
Movement on the beach captured her attention, and she stopped whistling as her breath caught, mid-note.
And if he does, I'll hunt him down and bash his face in.
His body warmed, longing to pull her to him, onto him.
"Huh?" I'm probably gaping like a fish, but he's caught me off-guard.
Satisfied.
A touch naive, but in a good way.
I imagined the hair on his body would be darker than the cherry-stained mop on his head, but I'd been wrong.
Mario has exercised his right as station manager to mount a brand, new flat screen television on the wall opposite the door.
He watched her as he shoved his boxers down just far enough to free his cock and-
He set the candles down on the table and they rolled across the wood, clattering and clacking as he tried to catch them before the noise woke her.
The woman in the video is about sixty years old.
She'd never been kissed the way Chase kissed her.
But maybe not forever.
"What happened to the files?"
And sometimes they work out fine."
My dick is completely onboard with the idea.
God, she was so close to the surface.
Anger bubbled up, replacing the acidic burn of fear.
I slip my hand inside the waistband of his underwear and groan at my first, brief brush of skin against the hard, naked length of him.
She stared at the windows for a moment, then turned to look at him.
"I-I'll call you."
I'm really a mermaid."
"I don't think I want to know."
"Yes, got to adapt and move on.
Not at all.
"We should go for a drive sometime," I say to John as we stroll through Washington Square.
In real, actual danger of losing brain cells over this man.
A self-fulfilling prophecy.
A lone seagull screeched and blitzed the road.
"Everything alright?" I nod toward his phone, but he doesn't answer.
She should probably be concerned about that, but at the moment, the only thing that she cared about was making sure that Devyn was okay.
She felt a pang of guilt at feeling happy about her night with Chase, but it was hard to feel too bad about anything after such great sex.
His training certainly hadn't saved Luke.
The station is on autopilot for the afternoon, allowing the entire staff to attend.
Knowing that he didn't have a choice, at least not until he was able to send his suit out to be pressed, Devyn grabbed his phone and after one last look at the small woman who was already fast asleep, he quietly made his way into the other room and called The Charlton Hotel's manager's direct line.
"Pray for a miracle."
"Did the merpeople think Amelia had been kidnapped?" she asked.
"Devyn, there's nothing wrong with the numbers.
If she hadn't been around to talk to him and distract him, he'd have had to fight with his memories the whole afternoon, and he'd still be putting up the plywood.
While her brother had known before they learned to walk that he wanted to be a fireman, she'd never been able to figure it out and-
"Okay, I understand that, but it isn't safe here.
"If he's hiding around here, I'll find him.
He'd tried to move on.
Not with your friends, or his."
There are also photos of his family, I presume, and small stacks of CDs, old receipts, and other random bits on the twelve-inch shelves.
"That depends," she said, shifting to get more comfortable.
Or ever on a couch in the middle of the day.
She would have stepped back and let him go if it meant-
"Anything I should know before my shift?"
"Besides a lot of yelling and demands for my head on a platter?" he asked, entwining his fingers with hers.
The moment that he'd walked away from her, he'd wanted to turn right back around and pull her into his arms, but he'd told himself that he needed to put some space between them and get his fucking head back in the game, only to realize that he couldn't do it.
Inna was going to ruin everything.
A cool drip of water leaked from the ice pack down his face, and he swiped it away with his thumb.
You'd have to move to the school district, right?
The door shut behind him and Chase took a deep breath, filling his lungs with warm, salty air.
We always vacationed on this islandup the road near the north shore where all the tiny concrete beach bungalows are.
I'm the one with the fucking issue.
"I just like hearing you say it," Drew said, following her gaze with a heavy sigh.
Did I tell you this already?"
The dark visions of his brother's death came often and always left him anxious.
The only thing that would definitely get her out of the marriage to Inna was marrying someone else, with her mother's permission.
"Yeah, it's weird for a guy who is so outspoken about everything from politics to wine to the length of my fingernails.
I lower my eyes and pick up the Prince, very carefully because my fingers are suddenly clumsy.
It seems to be a favorite thing for him to do.
He shakes his head as he breathes the word.
He retrieved the Scotch from behind the other bottles on the high bar shelf and wiped the dust off with a napkin.
When I slip my tongue into the wet heat of John's mouth, we both groan on an exhale.
"Baby," he whispers and cups my face in his hands.
Go down onto the beach and wait for me.
Then again, he was wondering about a lot of things.
Nope, she wasn't going to do this.
Something I have to deal with.
"Are you nervous?"
Kissing John Burton is quickly moving to the top of things I love to do.
"It can wait," Devyn said as they reached their floor and the elevator doors slid open.
She's running from a life she doesn't want.
In his touch.
I wonder who he's waiting to hear from.
In the morning, they were given a cup of coffee and a peanut butter sandwich before they were showed the door and had to find somewhere else to go during the day.
Clearing his throat, Lucas moved to open his mouth and noticed that every board member was staring at him.
The bar shook under nature's assault.
I won't ask, but I hope he'll tell me.
"Why didn't they let us know the ferry was leaving early?"
Sometimes, it comes out.
"I'm sure it does," he said, rubbing the back of his neck and couldn't help but wonder how they'd ended up having this conversation.
He needed to make a decision.
"Since when do you know so much about Ferris wheels?" she asked.
"I couldn't take my eyes off you tonight, Devyn."
"It's just for a few nights," he bit out as she stood there, shaking her head only to grumble when he herded her onto the elevator.
I just loved spending time with him.
"Nah, I'm good," he replies in his thick, Northeast Philly accent.
The days were cold, but the nights...
I stare, blinking drunkenly into his bourbon-soaked gaze.
We're both content to get on with our work, which suits me perfectly.
God, she was so fucking beautiful, Devyn thought as he found himself crossing the short distance across the room to the bed, unable to resist one last kiss.
"From there, they decided to incorporate all those things that make me a threat and changed a few things so that I didn't come off as too dangerous."
When she took this job, she thought that she would be doing more than just running numbers and looking over financial reports only to once again find herself delegated to the accounting department, but this time without the cubicle.
"I actually came to see if you wanted to grab lunch," Lucas said, getting to his feet with a heavy sigh, "but I'm guessing that you're going to need a raincheck."
He was the last mer she expected to see.
"Yeah, parts of it were a lot of fun."
I take in his ravaged lips, his tousled hair, and his hooded eyes.
It sounds like he was describing some sort of force field though he didn't use that terminology.
A tear slips out of the corner of his right eye, and my heart breaks for him.
They'd met at university, from what I could glean from the wee bit of information he's given me.
Devyn noted the familiar letterhead before he read the letter, quickly realizing that he had a bigger problem on his hands than he'd thought when he saw his signature at the bottom.
Silent, he looked up at the mermaids she'd hung in the window, and hued stripes lit his angular face in all the right ways.
For a moment, Devyn considered letting her get it out of her system only to remind himself that they had a job to do and reluctantly went after the small woman that was making it difficult to stay focused.
There's so much life to enjoy, and most people don't take advantage of everything that's right in front of them.
He kissed the top of her head as he closed his eyes and found himself wondering just how badly Lucas had fucked him over.
"How to make the board happy," Andi said, making him frown.
Before he could stop her, she was turning around and running her hands over his shoulders as his head dropped back on a groan.
The teaser at the amusement park had been enough to make him realize the old saying was true: You don't know what you've got till it's gone.
"Never even thought it was possible to want someone this much," he said, his lips found her neck as he slowly moved his finger inside her, making her breath catch as her hips shifted, moving to match his rhythm as he fingered her.
I frown at that, then realize we hadn't spoken in a while.
And even though I've always claimed not to believe in happily-ever-afters, I still thought, maybe he and I would eventually...
I'm Ninety-nine-point-nine percent sure he's straight.
As soon as the money was transferred to the hotel, the account manager for each hotel was contacted by Jamerson, letting them know that it was a mistake because of a glitch in their system and not to worry about it and just sign off on the transfer and it would all be taken care of before the end of the month.
The good stuff, Port Ellen, reserved for situations like this.
"Hey, what's up?"
"I love you, but I don't care what you think about me."
Some of the drywall is up, and he's taping to cover the seams.
He stumbled and fell onto the couch, covering his ears with his hands.
A single tear slips down his cheek and, instinctively, I brush it away with my thumb.
She should probably be concerned by the fact that the incredibly handsome man leaning back against the wall was still watching her every move, but at the moment, Andi couldn't stop watching the woman screaming, "I'm not going back!" as she shoved the security guard trying to calm her down out of the way and-
But now...
Her wet panties stuck to her, and she wiggled to adjust them.
The colorful stained-glass ornaments brightened up the shop, making it look like a cross between a candy store and a fluorescent aquarium aglow with light in Las Vegas.
"We were a team," Devyn said with a humorless chuckle as he reached up and took her hands in his again, pressing a kiss to the back of each hand before dropping them back in his lap.
From now on, she'd ride storms out under the water, where the wind couldn't reach, and the rain was ineffective.
I feel like you need that."
Within a couple of days, each hotel was contacted and made aware of a transferring mistake and were asked to transfer the money back into what appeared to be a Carta Hotels' bank account.
He hadn't seen her in two days and he was fucking lost without her.
Not really in a mood to get interrogated by her brother today, Andi took her time drying her hair and brushing it before brushing her teeth, applying lotion to her skin and once she was done, she wrapped the towel around herself and bit back a sigh as she opened the bathroom door and-
Then he's pushing me onto my back, kneeling over me and tugging at my clothes.
Why was he crying?
"Tired of the burgers at Barb and Pete's?"
I sometimes get lost in her dark, almond-shaped eyes, and I've never met anyone more comfortable in their skin than my boss.
He must know this.
Things were about to change, and he knew he'd better be ready.
At one point, he sailed on the ship Charming Betty.
She wanted to reply, but at the moment, all she could do was moan as she wrapped her arms around him while he kissed a path up her throat.
Not that there's anything wrong with that, it just isn't my deal.
God, the snowmen that she could have built...
His words are calm, but I can hear the stutter in his breathing.
Not anxiety over losing her shop, but bone-deep fear of something worse.
He's smiling, but I can see the regret in his eyes.
He wiped his mouth on his napkin.
Too bad, because talking to gulls might be pretty entertaining, if a little noisy.
But the seller wants the place badlytheir offer was high and came fast, before we could fully list the place.
"I think I'm beginning to lose feeling in my extremities."
"Put this over your mouth and nose."
"I'll help you check the shutters.
The leaves have all given up their green for gold, red, and vibrant rust, and soon they'll blanket the sidewalks.
The storm will likely gain more power before it comes ashore on the barrier islands late tonight or early tomorrow morning.
She was much sweeter than he could've imagined, and her cries of pleasure had nearly undone him.
But no, then he'd go after Chase and kill him.
"I've told him, but he doesn't believe me.
I want to tell them to go back there, but that would be rude.
She bit her lower lip to keep from retorting.
"I used to love the water."
She terrified him.
"Not unless a homicidal clown is chasing me, and then, I hope for the best," Andi assured him with a solemn nod.
Sex aside, name one thing we have in common."
"I want to be as far from the ocean as I can get."
"He did kill my brother.
"Who are they, anyone I know?"
Not unless Dyer's been talking.
Not after..."
"They couldn't risk tying themselves to the money, so they put it in a safe place where it collected a decent amount of interest, but it's all there," Andi said, shrugging it off like it was no big deal.
He leaned forward.
It couldn't have been a long fallmaybe a few feetand there were mats on the floor to protect those who fell off.
"If you keep touching me like that, I'm going to come."
He scanned the counter behind the bar, then the floor.
She'd seen his bare muscular chest beforewhen he'd been sunning on the deckbut in the candlelight, the ridges and planes stood out in stark relief as they were revealed one by one in the soft light.
The only way this situation could be worse was if Inna saw everything...
Mari climbed onto a broken-off pylon and jumped into the sand.
She remembered the panic during the accident.
I need to make sure that there aren't any more surprises waiting for me so that the board doesn't have any excuse not to renew my contract," Devyn said as the elevator doors slid open and they stepped inside.
It's...heaven.
Instead, he looked like he'd been through a lot of storms and knew what could happen when a hellish storm struck the fragile barrier islands.
He plants the softest, briefest of kisses there.
And – miracle of miracles – I'm not scared of getting lost in him.
It's difficult to imagine that a mom would force a marriage.
She'd hold it deep and protect it till the end of her days.
It can't be comfortable for him.
"Or," he says again.
"They were bankrupt," Devyn said hoarsely as he read through the email describing what happened between Andi and her last employer, the words "sexual encounter" repeated several times throughout it.
Tightening his hold around the asshole's shirt, Devyn pulled him back and slammed him against the wall again, earning a pained grunt that didn't erase the memory of Andi struggling.
"You will learn to obey.
"Yes, you are," Nicholas murmured, sending her a curious look.
The pickle is from a jar though."
He took off running around the side of the building.
"I...I...don't know where that came from.
"I've been waiting.
She could be a pirate barista serving Chase in bed on a ship in the middle of the Atlantic, with no one else around for miles.
She headed into the dark bar, then paused inside the doorway to allow her eyes to adjust to the dimness.
Orlando, FL
This was at least a two-drink occasion.
I only get a few more days with him before he disappears.
Nicki tilts her head and smiles sweetly, a dreamy look in her eye.
You'll come to me begging then."
That way, there wouldn't be any fallout about the wedding.
I reach back and put one hand on his thigh to guide him.
"I can't do this," he mumbled.
They're not saying much, but they've hinted that there was another hotel that was determined to make sure that this deal didn't go through," Lucas explained with a pointed look around them while Devyn sat there, staring down at the proof that he'd been fucked over by the last person that he'd expected.
The lecture.
Especially difficult conversations.
Her nipples hardened and she tried to turn to see him, but he pushed her back down.
She loved doing this for him, loved the way that his breath caught in his throat when she ran her tongue along the underside of his cock, and she loved-
"Okay, I have some flashlights downstairs.
I nod, but I'm not sure that I am.
It isn't going anywhere until I clean it up."
So far, I've found sixteen hotels that were being used to filter money and I've alerted their accounting departments," Andi explained as she swiped through her notes and before he could open his mouth to say anything, she added, "Don't worry.
I signed a new lease, and now I rent to whoever can pay.
Another part wants to punch John in the face for not trusting me with any of this.
"Your job," Andi supplied, not bothering to look up at him as she grabbed a file off the stack next to her and handed it to him.
I release him from my mouth and grin up at him.
The tentacle tattoo rippled as he straightened his arms in front of him.
Manhandled him!
The tattoo twisted and curved around his arm like it was alive.
And more importantly, did Chase know about it?
"More than that tiny bar bathroom.
He pulled open the metal gate and stepped inside the fence surrounding the wheel.
And yet, when I open my mouth, everything spills out.
And why did he care if she was engaged?
Suddenly, she was beside him, helping him slide the heavy wooden furniture.
For several minutes, Andi moved on him, moaning as he ran his hands over her, unable to get enough of her.
Her tail quivered to release, but she relaxed the sensation away.
"I'd really like not to have to answer that question," Andi said, nodding solemnly as she watched Devyn focus back on her phone and text something that probably wouldn't end well for her.
And Chase wanted to live again.
Believe me, I've wanted to touch him for months, but not like this.
"I'd hoped we'd have power at least until midnight, but it may not last that long."
"I'm done with you."
Sticky, sated bliss.
He grabbed her hair and pulled tight, forcing her to look at him.
I look up from the stack of records in my hands to find John looking at me.
Maybe she should run back to the office and...watched as a set of large, tan hands took the folders from her.
"But how do you know it belonged to a mermaid?"
The mysterious James Jamerson had been testing to see what they could get away with and for two years, he'd managed to get away with a lot, Andi thought only to frown as something occurred to her.
And while I've been tempted by his powerful body and fuckable mouth, I've never given in to that temptation.
"She was also instrumental in the attack on Mr. MacGregor," Andi explained as the screen showed text messages with her phone number, letting someone know Devyn's every move, including the fact that she was following him to his office.
The breath leaves my lungs when he increases the pressure, his fingers trembling on my cheeks.
Lucas had played him so fucking well, Devyn realized as he stood beneath the spray of hot water as he thought about everything that Lucas said, the way that he'd toyed with him like it was some fucking game, only to struggle against the urge to put his fist through the fucking wall when he thought about the way that he'd tried to destroy everything that he'd worked for and-
He and Luke had ridden a million times when they were children and the drop in his stomach when they spun over the top had burned a memory in his mind.
"Nothing like what you're thinking."
He'd seen her dressed in tasteful blouses, skirts, tee-shirts and jeans, and oversized pajamas, but he'd never seen her like this before.
Needing to move, I get up and start pacing.
I have, but..." He rubs the back of his neck.
No Ferris wheel in Paris.
I really hadn't meant to ask.
"Since I didn't get a chance to speak with him, do you want to fill me in on what happened?"
He headed for the stairs to the upper deck and bar.
He eyes John like a medium-rare steak, but he seems oblivious.
He ran the razor under the stream of water then tapped it vigorously on the sink.
It pecked at the asphalt with its bright-orange beak, fluffed its white and gray feathers, then looked up at her and let out a piercing screech.
I feel my hand start to rise but shove it in my pocket.
But if he allowed it now, he'd never last.
When he stands again, he runs the tip of his index finger inside the waistband of my boxer-briefs.
She relaxed, going limp in his grip, and letting him guide her.
And since we're both parked in the station's lot, we don't have to worry about meters or spaces.
The iridescent pearl with its gold filigree complemented her smooth skin.
Andi wondered, only to realize that this was the one thing in her life that she was absolutely sure of.
Devyn watched as Lucas swallowed hard as his gaze shot to him and then back to Andi again as he watched her open a file and type something into the computer.
"Tell me about your mother."
"Well...about the mermaid."
The last one had been...a treasure.
"When I was in the NICU, I was struggling, couldn't gain weight, wasn't sleeping, and the only thing that seemed to help was having Drew in there with me.
Let me do my own thing and you handle you.
She wanted to rebel and tell him she could walk on her own accord, but the sensuality of being held off the ground by a strong and sexy man quelled her complaint.
"Maybe I'll turn into a butterfly and fly away."
Every day, she sat on the couch in Devyn's office, going through Carta Hotels' files and the files that Hillshire Hotels sent over before everything went to hell, slowly putting all the pieces together and figuring out just how much damage this project had caused.
Most merpeople stayed away from populated spots.
Despite the talks, the walks, and especially despite the kisses and the sex?
"You don't talk much about him."
Maybe they didn't have cotillion at home, but finishing school was darn close to the same thing, minus the sweet tea and white gloves.
Fuck, I'm... I'm lost.
With a grumble, Andi made her way to the bathroom while he sat there, glancing down at his watch only to sigh when he realized just how late it was.
He walked down the stairs to the lower deck, the wet wood creaking as he made his way.
She should have tried to make a run for it, but unfortunately for her, Lucas was a lot faster than he looked and so was the very large man that stole her laptop and locked her in here.
Go, and don't ever look back.
What's stopping us?
Cooped up with fantasies of Treasure Island.
He knew she was a strong woman and he wanted to show her he was a strong man.
Trust me."
Whether he wants me, or anyone, touching him hasn't even entered my mind.
She continued moving her hand over him, enjoying the way that the bodywash made the move easier.
He hands me a shot glass with, well, I have no idea what's in it, but I close my eyes and knock it back.
I don't want a lot of questions about why I look like shit, ‘cause I know I do.
"Every hotel has off-peak months," Devyn explained, wrapping his arms around her as she settled more comfortably against him.
I'm expecting the question, and I wish I had an answer.
He'd said "mermaid" somewhat matter-of-factly.
Something about her captured his attention, and it was more than her looks.
I follow John's hard, rounded ass into the bathroom, smirking at the red handprint I've left on his left cheek.
He was sure she was scowling, and he didn't have the courage to look up and see her face.
"Not often, no," I respond honestly.
"What's the matter, love?"
Soon, she'd have to head out to sea to avoid its wrath on the little island.
Warmth crept through him as a trail of inner peace slid up his spine.
He found himself thinking about her when he should be working and reaching for his phone to call her at least a hundred times a day before he realized what he was doing.
She could have a bigger shop and they could share an apartment.
A nightmare.
Your navy diver man will no longer be an issueyou'll forget him.
Listening to Dead Can Dance is like dropping acid.
"Okay, but you'll call as soon as you can?"
"If it helps, they transferred all the money into accounts for those dummy hotels and since they forged Mr. MacGregor's signature on the accounts, I'm pretty sure that he can authorize it all back," Andi said, taking him by surprise.
If only he had a tail.
"Do I need to tell you how ridiculous that sounds?"
What to do?
Her expression pleaded with him.
"I really could and you'd never know because I am that devious and by the time you found out, it would be too late," Andi said, nodding solemnly.
If we all took turns reading the slides?
Is the food any good?"
Neither did I.
No matter what his promise was, why did she trust him?
"Reservations for Devyn MacGregor."
I am painfully hard, and no amount of shifting my position on his lap offers any relief.
My thoughts must drift off because John squeezes my knee.
"You fancy some Stevie Ray? Or maybe Screamin' Jay Hawkins?"
What proof, indeed?
Risking his life to sail the seas and plunder other ships."
I smack him on his bicep, just as he brings his glass to his lips.
And the future scares me, to be honest.
John's voice is rich, almost decadent, though decidedly more reserved than the one I'd heard booming down the hallway a few moments ago.
I don't think I've ever seen him this angry.
This man that disappeared from my life, such as it was, with a piece of my heart in his pocket.
It's the first time I've seen John in daylight, and it's not a sight I can take for long.
My stomach roils violently and I rush to the loo, reaching it just in time to start retching uncontrollably.
With every push he groaned, sending her closer to orgasm.
When he stopped and lowered her, she nuzzled against his chest, her hair brushing over his arms.
With the lack of moving air, the bar was humid and stuffy.
It wasn't like he wanted to marry her, right?
And right after you kissed me."
Did she sound as stupid as she felt?
She knew how to get her man.
Does he really think I'm capable of actual thought right now?
"Lucas paid me a visit and after he left, I made some calls," Devyn said, watching as she played with his fingers.
Cruise Control
He looks a bit sheepish.
Absolutely fucking perfect.
You already are a butterflywild and free, beautiful and dangerous.
Sure, a hurricane would be raging outside, but they'd be close, perhaps in the dark if the electricity went out.
No, Garrett is all of those things.
John bends his other leg and lets it fall to the side, opening himself to me without my even asking.
Lights make the storm much less scary."
"Work," he commands, chuckling at my expense.
"People can't be replaced.
They'd always booked two rooms at every hotel that they visited, making sure to keep a professional appearance when they were around Carta employees, but the moment that they were alone, he was taking her in his arms and holding her every time he thought that he was going to lose his fucking mind.
"That would probably make this less awkward," Andi said, nodding in agreement as she wrapped her other arm around the files and hugged them against her chest as she waited for him to get to the point so that she could get back to work.
She could cry in her five-minute pity party later.
"It took time, but she finally managed to get it together enough that we were able to get off the streets, but even then, she struggled.
He knows me well enough to know that I'm about to lose my shit.
"I know you, Johnny.
I feel him throbbing in my palm already, and I can't take it.
"To Children's Hospital," he says, his voice is scratchy with fatigue.
The cool darkness of the bar was a contrast to the humidity outside and Mari shivered at the change.
One thing remained.
He's been nothing but a problem.
"Did they not read the lyrics?"
Every time.
"My husband doesn't need to know."
And something more.
From the time they were little boys catching crabs and fishing in the tide pools, the sea was like a second mother, or another sibling, depending on the situation.
"It was supposedly Amelia's necklace.
Seriously, his hands are enormous.
He switched on a dim lamp.
Seconds felt drawn out into long gaps of timeless hesitation.
But how can one explain a feeling?
He'd built countless Ferris wheels out of Popsicle sticks and anything else he could find when he was little, but until he'd gotten a building set, he hadn't been able to make one that rotated.
Mari extended her legs across the couch and relaxed.
Garrett was never this demonstrative, this attentive.
That earns me a deep chuckle.
"Wow," is my expert assessment.
Our schedule was essentially his schedule.
"No, but I'm curious," Andi said, taking another bite of chocolate.
My curiosity is beyond peaked.
There are three.
"I-is it?" He shudders when I run my tongue over his Adam's apple.
He gently suckled on her nipple as he carried her across the room, her soft moans making him desperate to release his cock and slide inside her.
What the fuck do I do now?
"Besides that," Devyn said as he watched her.
"They actually missed several accounts, including the ones that I set up for my brother and uncle, but I guess this was enough to get their point across.
She couldn't do this, Andi decided with a firm nod as she turned around to make her way back to the car only to have Devyn, who'd been making her life a living hell over the past month, grab hold of her shoulders and turn her around with an absently murmured, "You've got this."
"Stop," I manage to gasp when he flicks his thumb over the head of my cock.
If you think we have a chance, if you think we are worth it, then why not come with me?"
He moved inhumanly fast and was able to follow Chase with seemingly little effort.
"It's the album with Message in a Bottle, surely you know it."
Or maybe freelance for HuffPo or some other aggregate site where the news cycles faster than a flushing toilet.
Had aliens come down from the night sky and taken Chase over?
Amelia was pregnant!
Living every day knowing that I couldn't save him.
But this isn't Disney.
That I'm neurotic, high-maintenance, under-achieving, aloof.
She pointed to the oil painting above the bar.
No sign of life anywhere.
The chef had come out to see who this person was that had such high praise for his menu.
Another burst of wind shook the bar and he winced.
"Apparently, I have to make cookies for a bake sale at Dina's school tomorrow."
No doubt about it, he had to be far away before the storm came inland.
He liked her, probably more than he should.
I suddenly wish I were back in my flat, alone in my room with my records and a big bottle of Jack.
Once I gained enough weight and my vitals looked good, they released us to our uncle, who had no idea what he was getting into until he tried separating us."
"It's the same as mine, but different.
I'm warm, inside and out, spasming around him in seemingly endless bouts of ecstasy.
Her tail thrummed in happiness inside her.
She grabbed the side of the cart, and its smooth, cold metal yanked her awake from her hesitation.
At least she'd managed to delete the history on the laptop before his henchman pried it from her hands.
I feel like you are running away from your past, not making decisions based on what's best for you."
Inna could ruin everything before anything got started between her and Chase.
"Good damn question."
"Nothing to drink right now, thank you.
"I have one of your t-shirts here, the Soul Coughing one?"
If a mermaid got pregnant by a human, well, she better stay with her human family.
The beachside amusement park, Ship and Shells, had fared well in the storm.
"Don't worry about it, diver."
"We can save the flashlight batteries."
Lucas did a sloppy job considering that everything in this file could be easily disproved.
She flopped onto the couch and pulled up the blanket he'd gotten for her during the storm.
John's shoulder-length hair is pulled back, showing the strong line of his jaw.
There's a tiny smile pulling at the corners of his gorgeous mouth, but he's not looking at me.
"Please tell me that this is a joke," Harold, the head of the board and Lucas's godfather, said as they all stood there, staring helplessly at the screen as the reality of the situation slowly sank in.
"My thoughts have been otherwise occupied, haven't they?"
"Oh, come on!" Andi's voice filled the room as a video feed of the offices that Lucas used for the Hillshire Hotels project took over the monitor.
This is the United States, we don't force people to do things they don't want."
The food is hot, and the drinks are cold, it's perfect.
Oh, he sounds very dangerous right now.
Mari looked into his face, searching for a soft spot, but finding nothing that resembled empathy.
So far, so good, though.
"I have no idea," Devyn said, wondering the same thing.
It was the one that let him know that she was about to get lost in whatever she was doing.
But it's more than his physical beauty, there's...a connection between us that I can't explain.
His balls clenched when she licked her lips and he let loose, crashing into his own release.
She shuddered as chills raced across her face where his touch lingered.
Fresh pain blooms in my chest, centered around my heart.
He was the first guy I really connected with when I moved to Philadelphia from Glasgow.
Before she could say anything, he was climbing onto the bed and lying down next to her with a sigh.
This time, his kiss was rough, strong, and needy.
Still, his body and mind had reacted to the encroaching water in the dark of night.
He bites his lip.
She could lose him forever.
"I get lost in my thoughts sometimes.
Another teacher at Walt Whitman High School dismissed under claims of inappropriate lifestyle behavior.
Her hair streaked blue in the moonlight, and her eyes reflected deep in the darkness.
He leaped from the bed and felt around for his jeans in the dark, finally grabbing them.
He pushed the buffet, trying to shove it in front of the breach, but it barely budged.
The shop itself looked dry and fine.
John's watching me intently, something he often does, but right now, it's making me a little nervous.
I flick open the button of his jeans and ease the zipper down, watching his expression as I do.
Wouldn't take much for the park owners to get it back into operation.
"Curious about what?"
Chapter 36
And angry."
She quivered beneath him and he held on tight, his heart pounding so hard he felt for sure it would burst open.
I have a disorganized mind, and music gives me something to focus on.
-swung, knocking the little prick on his ass.
"You parted waves.
"We need to gather supplies," he said, surprised at the softness of his voice.
"I put my ass on the line for you and gave you a job to keep you out of trouble and this is how you repay me?"
"150,000, 28.597561, 54,188, 620,676, and 901.230769!"
Granted, they also should have been online, but for whatever reason, she couldn't find them and that was going to be a problem.
He sets the glass on the side table and frames my hips with his hands.
John Burton is a contractor and a substitute teacher.
It's glorious, and I can't wait to wrap my lips around it.
It isn't voluntary, really, it just...is."
Sometimes to the end of my shift and beyond."
Being her landlord was enough, and that would end soon.
She thought they were friends, but apparently, she was wrong and that was fine, more than fine.
Off to the right, there's a door leading to what I presume is a bathroom.
"I hope you were on good terms with this person, at least."
But they were out in the open.
Fuck, that purr.
So, I had a closer look to see what they were doing differently."
Force me."
He couldn't even be in the same room with her without thinking about just how much he wanted her and it was only a matter of time before he said or did something that gave it away.
"Taking care of me," he asked, trying to remember the last time that anyone took care of him the way that she had.
Was taken by surprise when Harold beat him to it.
It was an addictive feeling, one that he was afraid that he was going to have a problem letting go of when this was over.
No more peeping ex-fiancés."
"Where's the money going?" Devyn asked, praying like hell that whoever did this was stupid enough to transfer the money into their own accounts, but he knew that it wasn't going to be that fucking easy.
Do you think we should check the island for other people who got left behind?"
Why does he unnerve me so much?
Usually, after a storm, tourists flocked to the beach to hunt for rare shells and treasure that might have washed up in the surge.
After the day of hard work, every muscle achedeven her tail fin.
Inna would never understand.
"A lot of self-love."
We shared a room until Drew got sick of finding library books in his bed and asked for his own room.
I'd carry you off over my shoulder if I didn't want to wait and let you see the storm take this rickety bar and demolish your stupid little shop.
She didn't know everything that went into a deal this size, but she knew that their finances were in great shape.
Dyer shrugs and wanders off, leaving me alone with the man I've dreamt about every single night for nearly half a year.
Then one day, it's too late."
His gaze hovers between friendly and cautious, but his handshake is firm.
As if I've conjured him up, my phone begins to sing from my nightstand.
I can smell the coconut oil from his shampoo.
And awful.
He'll come in and find us."
"Except with this."
"Looks like they only have one room for the night.
Over the past month, Devyn told himself that he needed to let her go, needed to stay focused, and keep his head in the game only...
Having her felt perfect and right.
My cock, buried in his ass, pistons in and out in steady strokes.
I feel my softening dick slip from his body, and a wave of sadness comes over me.
He frowns, but a tiny smile curves his lips.
God, he fucking wanted her, Devyn thought as she quickly made her way over to him and-
She's been helping him clean up his mess," Lucas said with a look that told him that he knew damn well that Devyn didn't have any proof that would tie this mess to him.
No, that would look like she was trying too hard.
Under any other circumstances, she would have been thrilled to share a meal with Chase, but this felt too much like a last supper.
When my dad died, I didn't think I'd ever get over the crippling grief.
We haven't done the box exchange yet.
"You left this morning," Devyn said, helping himself to a slice of bacon.
We've got to move forward now, not look back."
Chase McCormack, the man she had saved from drowning and now her landlord, rarely came into her little gift shop, but that didn't keep her from sneaking peeks at him as often as she could.
And you better learn soon.
The air was so thick with humidity that breathing took effort unless you were a mermaid.
Plan on about thirty minutes of calm, maximum, then we'll be back in the thick of it.
"And the reason that you didn't tell me how good you were with numbers was..."
"I used to take Michelle out when she had the time."
I'm pissed because my stupid hopes, the ones I'd warned not to get themselves up, are crashing from whatever high they've been on.
Like you said, I can go with the flow or whatever, no problem, but I hate being shut out.
Nicki makes a face of disgust.
"So much for truth in advertising."
The ocean breeze breathed past him and chills shot up his arms.
Except there isn't much of a happy ending that we know of."
"He's fine, except that he tried to smash me last weekend."
He and Mari were the only ones left at the bar.
Right now, the only thing that mattered was making sure that the little prick didn't take Andi down with him.
He loved the way that she moaned his name, the way that her fingers ran through his hair as she whimpered, moaned, and gasped as he took his time licking and kissing the sweetest little pussy that he'd ever seen.
She needed time to savor each touch, needed to lose herself the same way that she did with the files that she couldn't seem to resist, and he would do anything, absolutely fucking anything, to give her what she wanted.
Gallant Gentleman's Guild (G3):
There's always the hum of a lamp, the clanking of pipes, the rumbling engine of a passing car.
Relax, breathe air.
"I'm selling the bar and moving west.
"The question you really need to ask, the most important one anyway, is whether he's worth it.
Mario shakes his head, his jowls jiggling.
For the past two years, Lucas had been eyeing a seat on the board and with a deal this big, it was all but guaranteed to happen.
No way she'd move inland to be with him.
The bar is gone.
I don't think we had a direct hit."
He toweled his hair, then dried himself off.
By the time I get to the bit about Edgerton and the ordeal he went through there, I'm out of breath.
He doubted there was enough time left in his life to ever get enough, to ever be fully sated.
Lance is whip-smart and doing well in his residency at a teaching hospital.
It isn't as uncommon as you think.
It's like marble.
She squirmed then looked down at her hands, examining them.
He'd put out the candles.
R.L. Mathewson
I smile when he grins at me.
We'll hold.
It was none of her business what was happening behind that closed door because Devyn was a grown man and could do whatever he wanted.
I pull the covers back and crawl into bed, John hot on my heels.
"I can handle rejection.
They have the same whiskey-colored eyes and the same easy smile.
In her wildest fantasies, sex had never played out so raw and uninhibited.
And he didn't remember any of it.
"You really can, though," Andi said, nodding solemnly as he grabbed the other ankle and pulled her to the edge of the bed until he found himself standing between her legs.
He drops his eyes to the table.
You can worry about the bar tomorrow."
"I have a case of it, I'll bring more next time."
"Mari and I are engaged to be married.
I leave my window down a smidgen - lest I return to a portable sauna in the morning - and double-check that I've set the brake before I grab my backpack, lock up the car, and head up to the one-story, brick building.
It's the only thing that has ever truly been mine, and I wouldn't give it up for the wide world.
Why couldn't she keep her mouth shut?
I know you're tired, so why don't you rest on the couch?
There's no one on the sidewalks, or in the street, but a beat-up, black Camaro has just passed us and is turning right at the corner.
His skin is warm to the touch.
Hard and almost painful.
"This doesn't make any sense," Devyn said as he sat there, struggling to wrap his mind around everything that he was seeing and-
"Inna's been killing off Chase's family for years.
Too complicated.
He stops and listens, his back to me.
His heat, his scent, the sounds he's making for me, because of me, they drive me insane.
"Came up early for a walk, I guess."
People often wonder why we aren't a thing.
There's no judgment or disapproval in his tone, only warmth.
Easier to leave her, right?
Desire bloomed in her belly like a warm tide creeping through her, and she placed her lips against his pulse point, feeling the throbbing of his heartbeat against her sensitive skin.
The oppressive humidity weighed her down like a ship's anchor, without the cool relief of the deep water.
I just finished putting those sun catchers up."
"I already have everything I need."
‘Our first date', as if there will be more.
By the time he reached his car, Devyn managed to answer the emails waiting for his attention, deleted the text messages from Janet hoping to entice him into doing something incredibly fucking stupid, resigned himself to making sure that Andi had a ride Monday morning so that she wouldn't have to walk to work, and-
He's sitting in a plastic patio chair that has seen better days, but he somehow makes it look like a throne.
The walls are a similar shade of baby vomit, with nothing to hide the building's cinderblock roots.
She scanned the wave tops.
God, she was beautiful, he thought, reaching over with his free hand and pulled the covers away so that he could watch her as he slowly slid a finger inside her.
A gull dove and splashed the water behind her, and she gazed over her shoulder to see what he was doing.
Chase pushed her legs farther open and lay down between them, his spiky hair tickling her thighs.
Orange light flickered across the decking, but darkness still covered the sky.
"Ice too, please, if you have any."
Adorable in the right context, but at the moment a bit irritating.
Often to his own detriment.
There's something about autumn in this city.
Out of gratitude?
She'd never been outspoken with Chase, but she couldn't let him walk out of her life when he should be swimming alongside her.
John fumbles putting the album back and then turns to me.
Then he ripped off the duct tape and came at her, hands at her throat.
"I met someone, another teacher at the school."
Such an odd tattoo.
Was it a panic attack?
"Today's the big day," Andi said, handing him her juice as he popped two pills in his mouth.
I stand there for a moment, too stunned, and too hurt to move.
If he suspected she wanted to stay on land forever, he might try to force her to go back.
Apparently, Inna hadn't gotten the message.
"I just hope he has a strong stomach," Garrett says, wincing after he takes another swig from my bottle.
"In a way, it was her inaccessibility that led to my self-examination.
Everyone knows a loaf tastes better, is made with more healthy ingredients, and so is better for you.
Curse the universe?
"Did you believe them?" he asked as he took the turnoff for their exit and headed towards the bridge that would take them to the small island off the coast of Florida that had once been used by pirates to avoid the British navy.
God, the dirty talk is crazy hot.
"I need those files, Miss Dawson," he said, reminding himself that he had a job to do.
And she was right; the island was thin in places and had been washed completely over by storm surge more than once.
Box of 1Night Stands: 17 Sizzling Nights
At least in kindergarten, she had her brother to keep her company.
Maybe a VP?
Chase jumped onto the platform behind her, but she kept going forward, leaping to the next circle and then the next.
Now we're walking off our caloric intake, our arms brushing occasionally.
"Are you hungry?"
You're safe here with me."
The large deck Chase had built around the bar gave her a perfect place to sit and pretend to read while he did his bar-owner thing.
Assuming he has a reasonable explanation for taking off the way he had.
"It needs to be done soon."
"Yes," he said, raising an eyebrow.
That's a bit dramatic."
John's been pulling longer hours.
They needed to get away from Inna.
"Philly is a fairly tolerant city," I reply.
"How's Lexi?"
What's done is done.
"I don't blame you for running from him."
"And Kansas has rainbows."
I watch him inquire about our reservation.
"I can't say it never happens, but it's rare in the city.
No point in looking like a complete loser.
First, though, I need to work up the courage to ask him.
When my head falls back onto him, he sinks those sharp teeth into my muscle there.
Garrett sighs again, as if we've had this argument a million times.
"I'll have one of those," he says, pointing to my half-empty beer.
"Don't you want to learn more about math and science?" Uncle Shawn asked with an encouraging smile while Mrs. Jenkins stood in the corner, looking really hopeful that she would say yes.
Shells crunched underfoot.
And when his tongue darts out to test the seam of my lips, I moan.
He looks helpless and confused, gobsmacked.
The candlelight barely illuminated the bar, but clear as could be, Inna's angry face pressed up to the window near the door.
Too much for him, though, not for me.
You know I'm leaving.
that has electricity and hot food
Definitely more Scotch.
Did you hit your head on the swim in?"
She'd never felt such a mix of fear and anger, and her whole body trembled.
"And I have questions," Andi murmured, finishing off the last bite of her bacon sandwich with a heartfelt sigh that drew his attention to find the small woman that had been extremely overqualified for the entry-level position that she'd applied for, looking up at him expectantly.
I want to kiss him so badly, I'm itchy.
The storm must have turned a bit before making landfall.
Probably because he was so focused on this deal with Hillshire Hotels to notice just how badly she was screwing everything up.
Sighing heavily as though this somehow pained him, Devyn pushed the oversized flannel pajama pants off and tossed them aside before he took her hand in his and pulled her inside the shower so that he could wrap his arms around her, needing to hold her right now more than ever.
But Amelia was a mermaid.
It's more than I can handle.
His head drops to his chest.
I don't take a breath until I hear the front door shut.
You want desperately to be seen but are deathly afraid of someone knowing you."
Conversations were easier in the candlelight.
By the time that she was mumbling his name as she struggled to catch her breath, he'd finally had enough.
"I'm sitting on the sofa, sniffing a t-shirt, and hard as a fucking rock because you aren't here."
"You first," he said.
His laugh is long and loud, and my nerves ease a bit at the sound of it.
I'm part of his teamthat's why I'm with him now while he discusses politics with your mother."
And he certainly didn't know about her being a mermaid or rescuing him.
It's one of my favorite places on the island."
The moon glowed faint, hazy light onto the deck, casting everything in blue-silver.
She just wished that she'd been able to find something that would help Devyn.
The only thing that they knew was that it hadn't been a random attack.
I've fussed around a bit, trying to get ready for my date with Johnny.
She and Chase running through a dark fun house, bumping into things and giggling.
"An honest pirate?
She's worried, and you don't want her to come looking for you."
I lean down and roll it onto his length with my mouth in one smooth motion.
"I mean, wouldn't he want you to stay and run the bar?
The man of the hour."
He grunts and groans with every stroke.
I'm guessing that they did the same thing that they did with the Hillshire Hotels records and made two sets, altering this one, which means-"
"It's not much," I say as we step into my flat.
I think most people have already left the island or will have by morning.
Chapter 17
"After I saw you that last time, things went downhill pretty fast," John goes on.
But people had also walked off the job because he'd yelled at them for the smallest thing.
At least that is the story that was passed down.
How we grew closer and closer before he disappeared.
The colors reflected onto the ocean's surface, creating the illusion of a shifting landscape.
He let out a long sigh, trying to release some of the anxiety that had knotted his muscles during the storm.
The morning's slanting sunrays cast golden-orange rivers of light across the oceancalm and serene as if nothing had happened.
Shadows played up his face like long fingers, undulating across his tanned skin.
He's right, but the little voice in my head is warning me not to believe him.
Just like most of the people in Nicki's house, no doubt.
"What made you come to Carta Hotels, Miss Dawson?"
Glad to pull him out of whatever funk the phone call has created, I grin up at him.
"It's only a story, right?
This is the first time he's called me since we cooled things off.
He could make this all better, and then his beautiful Mari would be smiling, not sad.
I smirk when Johnny's eyes meet mine.
Blew a transformer," Chase said.
Another beer?
Taking a quick look up and down the beach to make sure it was still empty, she stripped off her T-shirt and shorts.
She struggled, climbing one rung at a time, the scratchy rope cutting into her feet and rubbing her skin raw on her hands.
If anything, he's usually guilty of over-sharing.
In the sunshine.
"Working on audits?" she lied, knowing better than to admit that she'd broken into the accounting department and helped herself to Carta's files with the hopes of finding something that would implicate him in this mess since that probably wouldn't end well for her.
I sit back and watch in awe, my hand still wrapped around him, drawing out every bit of pleasure that I can get from him.
"You're fired," Devyn said as he headed straight for his office, ignoring the furious look that followed his every move and slammed the door open.
Why was she nervous?
The only thing romantic about this scene is the man whose lap I currently occupy.
He's probably mad we uncovered the ride.
I grab his hand and shove it between my legs to where my dick has transformed into living stone.
If only...
He shoved his pants down, leaving him standing there in black boxer shorts, the large erection that she'd felt straining against her earlier tenting the soft material.
And all the innocent men who sailed under his command could be hanged alongside her.
They give us a wide berth as they pass.
Oh, you'll marry me all right, and you'll hope that's all I require in terms of repayment."
When she opened her eyes, Inna was coming up the dune stairs.
They were definitely getting greedy, Andi thought as she shifted to get more comfortable on the bed only to wince when she heard the bathroom door open behind her.
"Classes?"
He kissed me, really kissed, and asked me out to dinner.
When she realized that the numbers didn't add up, she grabbed a legal pad, a handful of the pens that she'd helped herself to from the supply closet and set to work, quickly running the numbers from each file in her head and writing them down and-
"How many times did you have to answer the phone today?"
Tearing my eyes from his sweet, sad face, I finally notice the banner on the screen below them.
I've exhausted my knowledge of breakup songs by the time Friday rolls around, and yet manage to lean into my melancholy with tracks from Black Tape for a Blue Girl, Miranda Sex Garden, and Fever Ray, with a little Brendan Perry for good measure.
And I look anywhere but at him, which is rude.
I fight to keep my smile on my face during the uncomfortable silence.
Don't upset him, let him believe she was somewhat under his control, then do what she wanted behind his back.
"Okay," he says, watching me.
Damn saving the bar, he had to get back to the beach.
"No one would dare attack a bear," I joke, trying to ease the tension in the car.
He tossed her the towel and she wrapped it around her shoulders, wiping her face with the corner.
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/authorkerryadrienne
"Stop daydreaming and eat."
The first transfer happened two weeks after the funds for the Hillshire Hotels stock purchase had been authorized.
My hand goes to the corner of my mouth as I remember his lips on my skin, and I feel his eyes on me.
He had to remember Luke.
"You need help with that?"
"To think he tried to pry you out from under me."
He rinsed his razor and put things back into place, fumbling in the barely lit room.
Customers couldn't order this one.
He still had to get the bar ready for closing and move.
"I know, but we'll get to see it with no one else around.
"Have to watch out for you, don't I?"
"I could have just, I dunno, sat with you sometimes.
Mari tried to smile at Chase's joke, but acid pooled in her stomach.
"Devyn," she said, moaning his name as she covered his hand with hers.
Rain drizzled, the faint drops merging on her skin into moist patches.
Every time he reaches the top of a wall stud, his shirt rides up a little.
Wincing, Andi looked over her shoulder to see what cut her only to realize that she was caught on something.
Who the fuck cares what his last name is?
"How did you end up here?"
"Were you planning to get any lunch?" The words stutter out of him.
"We've got candles and flashlights," he said.
Program in all of the tracks that I want to play, add the required ID segments, and sit on my arse and watch telly.
"Women's bathroom."
With a pained look in Devyn's direction, Lucas picked up the remote and turned on the monitor, his eyes never leaving Devyn's as the board members took in the figures now displayed on the large flatscreen in front of them.
Water, everywhere.
Not that she could blame him, but still, it was a relief to finally get a break, Andi thought as the sounds of waves crashing along the shore reached them as he pulled into the parking lot.
"As you wish, my beloved," he said, spitting the words as he spoke.
But leaving the ocean isn't an option.
He'd be crushed at her perceived deception.
It's one of the things I love about the man.
People notice.
"His name is Christopher, and he's my great-great-something-grandfather."
Interpreting my expression, John's eyes soften.
How could he resist?
Umm...I mean..."
He looks like some otherworldly thing, a selkie or a vampire, come to claim my soul.
She wanted to talk about what had happened on the couch, not her store.
"Yeah, all is well in Dyerville."
"No, but then he hasn't met mine either."
Suddenly, her troubles with Inna paled in comparison to his pain.
She hopped up from the barstool, her tight T-shirt riding up and showing a crescent of tan skin across her stomach.
In one fluid movement, he strips me of the cotton briefs, pushing them down over my hips.
Flames shot high out of the roof, illuminating half the beach.
"The chef would choose for us," I confirm.
"Let's undo it," she said, tugging at the plastic covering cinched over the seat.
Our skin is slippery from the water and the lube.
Chase pushed the box onto the top shelf, then stuck his hands in his pockets and looked at the floor.
"Oh, fuck," he groans low and long.
Make sure you dress warm.
He took his time licking her, teasing her clit with his tongue while she lay there, gasping one minute and moaning the next as her eyes finally slid closed.
I exhale a shuddering breath.
"No, we can't be together.
"I have plans," she said.
"If you marry me.
She'd been ready for what seemed like an eternity.
And he knew that passion carried over to bed, but what the hell
"Not really," he says.
You know those things never work out except in Hollywood movies."
She closed her eyes as he kissed her, and they shared the damp saltiness of the storm-fresh air.
"Please don't do this to me!" the stubborn woman that was making this more difficult than it needed to be said as she dove beneath the covers while he stood there, trying not to smile.
We stand in companionable silence for a while, watching birds and insects skim the surface of the canal.
She'd get him to stay, somehow.
Calling her to swim.
The slow, sinful smile that spreads across his lickable mouth makes me want to vault over the desk and tackle him to the ground.
A radar image filled the screen with a large, rotating mass of red and yellow swirls covering where the island should be.
Of course, none of that would matter to her mother.
I always thought I'd give it to my wife...but now I doubt I'll ever marry."
We walk across the bridge to Lambertville, New Jersey, to a quaint little Middle Eastern place called Marhaba.
If he could bottle her spirit into a perfume, he'd be a wealthy man.
"Why did you and Garrett split?"
Chapter 14
"She'd trusted the wrong man, got pregnant long before she was ready to take care of herself, never mind a baby, and found herself dropping out of college and living in her car."
"I think you underestimate my level of interest."
But now I feel obligated to inquire, and I suck at engaging people face-to-face.
She motioned to the guards.
Except that the land was underwater.
He'd get his revenge, and now he had fresh fuel for his anger.
The golden chain around her neck glinted, and the pearl bulged between her breasts, under the folded neckline of her sundress.
"He couldn't have seen anything inside the cart.
She arched her back as much as she could, hoping he'd suck harder.
It's quiet, save for our mingling breaths and groans.
She seemed small against the big world.
Right, okay, so the passenger window doesn't roll all the way down, the back glass has a long, ragged crack in it, and it burns through petrol like a motherfucker
"I deserve to know the truth."
"I'm ready for this storm to blow on by and leave us alone."
All focus on her, diving into the abandon of the moment.
I don't know if you've noticed, but that town is an oasis.
God, he really didn't need this right now, Devyn thought as he felt his cock twitch beneath the hand towel.
Consider this your notice, though I'd appreciate it if you moved before the four weeks you legally have.
Hints of the lube hit my palate first, followed by the salt of his skin and, finally, the essence of him.
No, get control.
For several minutes, he took his time teasing her, tracing her slit with his fingertips as she spread her legs apart for him to make it easier.
Up until now, Lucas kept everything hidden in the background, making Devyn wonder why he was suddenly doing everything that he could to get his attention.
Her starfish tattoo itched, and she ran a fingernail over it.
I'm forty-five minutes away from wrapping it up when John walks into the booth next door.
Hopefully, I can learn to deal with the loss, and not let it consume me.
She followed him, keeping her gaze locked with his as she slowly went to her knees before him and kissed the large tip, tearing a groan from him before she parted her lips and took him in her mouth.
I picture a quiet room and the song fades away.
There's that surprised expression again.
"It's short."
He hadn't felt this good in...a long time.
That's been outlawed in, I think, eleven countries."
Lose another person.
He swiveled on the stool to face her.
When he focuses his forest green eyes on you, swimming with desire and the promise of a long, sweaty night, he's downright lethal.
"John, talk to me," I plead, an icy finger of fear slicing into my gut.
Kind of felt like a cheap sci-fi flick.
"Michael John Dalton is an innocent man accused of a heinous crime, drummed out of a town and a profession he loved because people are so closed-minded and hungry for a scandal, they'll make one up just because they can."
Finding out she was betrothed?
I don't understand.
And he'd be leaving soon.
The guest bedroom is dark, but the light coming through the glass door is enough for us to make our way past the queen-sized bed.
Far away from anything associated with Inna.
"I'd imagine it's no different than on-land kingdoms and countries and tribes."
To diving deep down into the music and only surfacing when my shift was done.
Struggling not to drop the files in her arms, Andi swallowed hard as she watched the woman that she really hoped was on the wrong floor give Ben her name and watched while she made her way to Devyn's office, not bothering to knock as she let herself in, leaving Andi standing there, feeling sick to her stomach.
"So, tell me what I'm missing."
We should wait till morning to go outside."
His eyes are a startling green, and I can tell by the way he flashes that blinding, white smile and brushes his loose curls out of his face that he's used to being admired.
John's back is to me, so I only see wide shoulders stretching the hell out of a thin, white tee and a mop of auburn hair that brushes his nape before my eyes travel down to his trim waist and round ass.
"And if you knew the truth, you'd never want to be around him again.
When he'd woken up after the accident, he was in the hospital, tucked into a metal bed with semisoft blankets and a pillow that resembled a pancake.
Thick, ropey strands land on his abdomen, my stomach, my fist, his chest.
"Thank you," the very friendly desk clerk said with a smile as she took his card and-
Not the fun kind of tying up.
As she stepped onto the first circle, it dipped from under her.
Other than the whole multitasking issue, that is.
In another life, maybe.
His brother Luke..."
It's as if he's shown me too much.
"No," he almost whispers.
"And I don't think I will ever get over losing Luke.
The candles on the bar flickered again in the small breeze that got in around the window repair, sending erratic shadows across her face.
"But you're not family," I say.
My head throbs at my temples, and I run a rough hand over my face.
I swear the water is out to destroy the men in my family.
Her white dress had patches of soot along the front, and her feet were bare.
To his credit, he has an incredible ear.
"Just the wind," Mari whispered.
He might not be able to be her lover, but he could try to be her protector.
"I planned to tell you I'd listed itbut I didn't have the chance to put out a FOR SALE sign.
"Does this mean you'll come home for good?"
It's too risky for me to go to the station.
When Carta Hotels started interviewing him, she'd barely said a word to him other than a few politely murmured questions.
Mario never seems to be able to catch these butterflies he spends so much time chasing."
He also knows about us, which leads me to believe that this was only meant to keep you distracted to buy them some time," Andi announced with a heartfelt sigh as she got to her feet, "the question is why did he need you distracted."
The rotation is tighter during the day, and Nicki expects us to spin a particular playlist.
I quickly gather the discarded blanket around me and follow him back inside his flat.
"Thank you," he whispers against my lips, and then he is gone from me, cold air rushing in to replace his heat.
I am a little overwhelmed, being this close to him.
He stood and unzipped his jeans, aware of her gaze on him as he lowered his pants and underwear.
"And then we can finally put an end to this nightmare."
Looked like the ride attendants had put a cover on each seat to protect it from the storm.
Since we were children."
As soon as he spotted the brochure in his room last night, he knew that Andi wouldn't be able to resist.
Hillshire Hotels' CEO wasn't talking and their fucking lawyers were already giving them the fucking runaround, making it impossible to find out what the fuck happened.
"This is for your own good," Uncle Shawn, the principal of Adams Elementary School, the closest thing that she had to a father, and the man that should really understand the importance of a solid foundation that only kindergarten could give her, said.
Black Hills Wolves Series (shared world, Decadent Publishing):
Even if Lance had skipped college and gotten whatever job he could find, they needed help.
Too much to take in all at once.
She chewed her lower lip.
After spending the last few hours hunched over a table saw, I'm sure his joints are screaming in protest.
"I don't want to talk about my moving away anymore tonight.
"I'm working on a secret project," she said, only to amend that with, "Make that two."
The tip of the sun's arc lifted over the horizon in a flash of light, scattering daggers of brightness over the sand.
And let me know if anyone knocks."
"He sounds like a good man," Devyn said, sending her a curious look.
John drops my hand and reaches for the takeaway carton of Pad Thai that's probably cold by now.
More kisses.
Like I said, I'm not sure I believe it myself."
I saw a commercial for it after work today and figured we could watch it during your shift."
That black night had been both happy and awful in the same moment.
Being with Mari was right.
Keeping his glare locked on Nicholas, Devyn said, "I'll match it."
He'd left her alone on the beach.
She tried not to stare but caught a glimpse of his smug smile and her face heated again.
Make her scream.
Luke's eyes stared ahead, into the murkiness, his dive mask torn off and tiny bubbles clinging to his face like a million grains of memory that floated away on the current, one at a time.
He couldn't have screwed up the evening any better if he'd written a script.
I hear him exchange a few more words with John, and then he's off, and we're alone.
I mean, Nicki lets me do pretty much whatever I want, and I relish the freedom.
"Yes, Mom.
From a distance, she radiated beauty, impulsiveness, youth, sex, joy.
Had it been anything more than a passionate fling?
She pushed up to sitting, her hair sticking out in every direction.
Aren't we worth it?
"Garrett, what do you want?"
Whatever I have, he can take.
Andi couldn't help but wonder as she glanced past Devyn and realized that it was pitch-black outside.
He had a friend who lived there, and he figured merpeople wouldn't come into town."
A truck commercial blared, the announcer nearly screaming about interest rates and cash back.
A little more warmth in his tone now.
She could see he was putting up a brave facadetrying to hide his fear so as not to increase hers.
The sky, clear blue all day, was beginning to gray on the eastern horizon, and it was hard to tell where the ocean ended and the clouds beganlike the water was creeping up the walls of the horizon.
Andi found herself wondering when she spotted the photocopied brochure listing all the things that they shouldn't expect while staying here.
"I...I'm confused," I admit, my voice barely above a whisper.
Everyone on the island knew about the Mermaid's Purse, and few tourists went home without buying a trinket there.
But I do know him well.
She breathed deeply before answering, her chest heaving under the bobbing waves and her tail floating above the sandbar.
She couldn't decide if his actions pissed her off or endeared him to her because he acted like he cared about her well-being.
He looks...concerned.
"I would love to see you in the necklace, nothing else."
Yeah, that wouldn't be a lot of fun.
I can't think straight when he's around and, apparently, touching him makes it worse.
Tonight, I wish I'd just pre-programmed everything.
"You say a whole hell of a lot through the music you play."
Growing up, R.L. Mathewson was a painfully shy bookworm.
"No. Chase is a descendant of that son of Amelia's.
"I can't promise you anything," he repeated.
Erotic visions aside, this is a big step for us, and Dyer's questions slip right into my mind.
The crisp moon would soon be covered by heavy clouds again.
"I-I don't think this is a good idea," Andi found herself mumbling hollowly when she spotted Drew leaning back against an ambulance, watching them with an anticipatory gleam in his eye that had her admittedly panicking, especially since he looked really pissed.
Friends are allowed to worry, aren't they?
That maybe the music got his mind off of whatever's been troubling him, if only for a little while.
I pop open the cap and take a healthy swig before I pass it to him.
Had she ever been more alive?
I turn back to see John taking in the scene, though a shadow still lingers in his expression.
"That looks painful."
Having imagined him naked a few hundred times, I'm a little surprised.
"Still have lots of windows to take care of downstairs.
I mean, look at the state of the world.
"Not yet," Devyn said, taking a sip of his coffee.
A burst of wind hit the bar, echoing from outside and rattling the barware on the shelves.
She headed out onto the lower deck outside her shop, surveying the work that lay ahead.
It takes six lamps to fill the room, one of the downsides of its twelve-foot ceilings.
"She's a doctor?" I don't ask.
Things moved in slow motion.
"I'll be back in the morning to start getting the bar storm-ready."
Devyn watched as Hillshire Hotels' CEO and lawyers shared a confused look as they quietly made their way to the door before his gaze shifted back to the woman that had a lot of explaining to do.
"I really don't think this is a good idea."
"He helped me to figure some stuff out, just by being there."
Your shop can be replaced."
Fear spread through her chest.
Sturdy fingers massage my flesh, knead it.
"God, you're driving me fucking crazy," he said as his lips pulled up into one of those incredibly sexy smiles that she loved so much as he leaned in and kissed her cheek.
"But look out at the horizon.
She's single and loves to entertain.
The problem was that she had no reason to be in that meeting unless...
"Water's fine," she murmured between bites.
A fantastic bonus.
It's a common question, one I don't mind answering.
Maybe he was right, and maybe they should have stayed at the bar.
Did he know she had saved Chase?
A beach bar, right on the sand."
"I saw him come out of your shop yesterday.
She had a child with the privateer that kidnapped her."
The guy he was practically living with."
Sunlight streams in through the balcony doors.
"Good," I scold, holding onto the last threads of my ire.
"She knew that if he knew about the baby, he would have never left her there alone.
Tonight, she felt independent, and yet connected to a greater whole.
1740, Bermuda
The sea, still choppy with hurricane waves, glistened in the bright moonlight.
Miss Dawson was able to discover that the funds that had been allocated for the project were being embezzled."
I hear the storm is bad.
If I'm curt with him, maybe he'll get the hint.
"Again, I ask you, old friend, is he ready to be coupled-up?
"And with your work."
Every male heir down the line will also suffer.
Ready to seal the bond."
See family and appease her mom, maybe have a family meal.
He filled the glass of ice with water from the bar hose.
He just needed to get through the next few months, and then...
A chill skitters up my spine, and I shiver.
He never should have left her there, but he couldn't risk anything happening to her and now...
He lifted Mari's hands off his waist and turned to her.
Because John Burton is kissing me again.
She could have sworn he growled the words.
That was followed by him clearing his throat again, murmuring, "Excuse me," and heading for the door only to stop when he saw Drew standing in the doorway, looking incredibly pissed.
Plus, a flashlight or two."
How about a little fantasy?"
If the story weren't true, why would he have a merpeople tattoo?
One last look back...
I sit forward and lower my voice.
He wanted to rip the pink shirt off. To shreds.
"And learn your place."
"Weren't ready to be parents," Andi said, shrugging it off as she traced his fingers.
"Nice carpet.
Dad is responsible for my curls, my full lips, and my slightly wide nose.
"I'll see what I can find us to eat.
"At the restaurant.
"You alright?" He asks, his brows dipping with concern.
Why was she defending Chase to Inna?
It got to the point that I was afraid to go to school.
Nicki has these little parties a few times a year.
A music journalist?
I can't stand being near the ocean.
I shake my head as the anger decides to return.
She sure did want to try it on.
I've never been one of those people that doesn't let others touch their prized possessions.
He took another sip of beer then set it on the table and wiped his hands on his jeans.
Stormy seas and Inna.
"Not working today?" A leaf breaks off from the branch of one of the trees, and I watch it spiral down to the water's surface and join the botanical slurry.
I drop my eyes to the floor.
"Yeah, not the Jack Sparrow type with rum and a beard, but an honest-to-goodness privateer, working for the English.
He mumbled with a mouthful of sandwich, "Tap needs electricity."
I don't know why they split or anything else about them.
With analog, you get richer tones, deeper resonance."
"Please, no," I gasp, clutching one of his forearms.
"Plus, we need to eat the pimento cheeseI'd hate for it to go to waste if the bar loses power during the storm."
For the first time ever, I don't want to be here.
He's been here when I come in for my shift and usually leaves long after I do.
You said...
A light sheen of sweat covered his arms.
He wasn't sure he believed himself.
"Because she didn't offer a loyalty program?" Andi asked, picking up the stack of files that she'd helped herself to and began looking through them, wondering why it was so difficult to find the files that she needed.
Nicki knows her shit, I have to give her that.
"I have to get back to shore and finish prepping.
"I know you're inside," Inna called.
I don't even want to be near a lake."
He's panting hard, but so am I.
With his place in the world."
We'll definitely have a wash-over on some of the beach highways and we're already seeing tropical-storm-force wind gusts on barrier islands.
I see Simon in there too, all six-feet-four-inches of the London bad boy in leather pants.
This is new, this blatant PDA.
"You do, so I can-"
John licks into my mouth, reprogramming my brain with every stroke, and I fist my hands in the soft leather of his jacket.
No threats of violence in the futurethis ended now.
This was the night he claimed her as his.
Maybe hell is too good for him."
Those clouds are moving quickly."
Inna smiled, but his eyes remained firm, like something else was bothering him.
If you would like to keep updated on my latest releases, free downloads, or the weekly Chronicles that I publish through my newsletter every week, you can do it here:
I would wait until he fell asleep before crawling into his bed and when I got too old to do that, I put on music, the TV, anything to make noise so that I could fall asleep," Andi finished on a soft sigh only to find herself smiling when she realized that Devyn had fallen asleep.
Did he know already?
"No more secrets."
That's because she was.
"Yes, she does," Lucas said, reaching over to flip to the next page, revealing one of Carta Hotels' equipment contracts and saw Andi's name and signature at the bottom along with a phone number that looked familiar.
I was coming in the bar when I saw you and Chase stumble out of the bedroom.
"Good to hear, he seems like a decent guy."
It's more than thirty years old, almost as old as I am, but with much less wear and tear.
Now, he was ready to fucking drop, Devyn thought as the exhaustion that he'd been fighting for the past month settled over him as he dropped his bag by the door and found himself struggling between taking a hot shower, needing to scrub his skin clean after walking into that hotel or dropping face-first onto that huge bed and passing out.
"He was the runt," he began.
And I can start my business over if I have to.
And so knowledgeable.
I turn away from him, making sure the next block of songs is in the chute, along with my final commercial break.
He groaned as he came and she lapped him clean, licking every inch.
"I didn't know what he meant.
John reaches around to take my rapidly hardening flesh into his soapy hand, and I have to brace my hands against the wall.
"I've had dreams about this ass," he rumbles, once again smoothing his hands over me.
I just don't want him to stop touching me.
His diary ends with Amelia's entry about Somer's Island.
They just had a blizzard," Devyn said, leaning back in to kiss her forehead.
The door is locked and with no power and it being dark outside, I don't think anyone would be able to easily get here, much less bang on the door."
"I did see that," he murmured, watching as her face shifted into an adorable frown.
He towers over them.
The wind picked it up and tossed it.
Hopefully, he'd be able to secure the covering when they were done.
Saving His Wolf
The transfers happened twice a month like clockwork.
"Even when I can't have it around me, it's still inside my head.
He placed a wet kiss on her collarbone and sucked the tender flesh, sending shivers of pleasure straight to her core.
"Tell me that this is a joke," Harold demanded.
And you're not made for me.
Not the way his cargo pants show off the firm muscles of his thighs.
How John and I met.
The chance he was about to take would change the course of everything going forward.
Seven, eight.
John nods, but I can see the wheels turning.
It's on Thirteenth and Sansom," I reply, blowing a speck of imaginary dust off the vinyl to stop myself from looking at him.
When he got to the stairs, he paused, looking at the mountain of sand that had washed against the walkway, obscuring the lower five or six stairs in a mound.
"Your stubbornness is going to get you into more trouble than you can imagine."
I laugh, but John doesn't.
As the lid lifted, a large teardrop-shaped pearl came into focus.
"What are we doing here, John-boy?"
"More Southern than secret."
"Intense, I take it, from the faraway look on your face."
We should bury it.
No sounds of traffic, no people nearby, no music.
His cock twitched through the fabric.
I think the island was fortunate.
Someone left a bolt of cotton fabric at my place long ago, and it's found new life as a tablecloth, though it actually only covers a diamond-shaped area of the surface.
The long shafts of sunlight glinted in her hair as she pirouetted and ran toward him.
"I was thinking," he says, ignoring my question as he nuzzles into my neck.
She said it was complicated.
Nodding, Devyn glanced around the large French-Caribbean style patio as he asked, "What was wrong with the transfer authorization?"
A file for Cremsford Hotel.
My stomach sinks when I hear the tell-tale jingle.
And then he'd see Chase, and Chase would see him too.
She couldn't wait a moment longer to find out how her shop had fared.
Again, that's my fault, to be sure.
It's tight and a little uncomfortable, but I can already feel my body relaxing around him.
I try not to think about where I'll be beyond next week.
But listening to him talk about his past, I can hear his pain too.
He doesn't trust me.
The Ferris wheel is fine.
Give me this moment.
Inna was a barbarian.
The friction is delicious.
"You can't kill him.
Movement caught his eye and he watched as Mari and the man parted.
"I think so," he says, so quietly I barely hear him over the Ofra Haza track drifting down to us from the restaurant's speakers.
Maybe he's thinking it too.
Dyer has always been up for a juicy bit of gossip, but I can tell that isn't why he's asking.
"Oh, fuck..." Lucas said hollowly as he stared helplessly at the figures highlighted on the board.
Then we'll go back inside together and get some rest."
His imposing frame made the shop feel smaller, but she didn't mind.
The bar rumbled under a blast of wind and the shutters rattled.
She was exactly his type.
Mari hadn't spoken to him since the kiss on the deck.
"Or most people," John states, and there's more than a hint of bitterness in his voice.
With that in mind, Devyn reluctantly turned off the bathroom light and quietly stepped into the other room and-
"Thanks for letting me know.
Not a bird sound or creak from the deck interrupted the quiet.
He turned to head toward the stairs, then took one last look back at her.
"I've dated, but I usually end up in a relationship," I say, side-stepping a crack in the slate slab walkway.
Her mother wasn't going to be happy that she didn't swim home before the storm hit.
"Which is why you hired me," she said, nodding solemnly as she scooted over and patted the red velvet bench next to her.
And those three thousand people have a lot to say about you."
I'm about to lose all of my molecules,  about to become stardust.
I knew he'd regret not telling me.
He coats the words with as much honey as he can muster.
I wonder what he did last night.
But we can rebuild, somewhere.
I left my cell in the bedroom.
He says it as if it's the most simple, logical thing in the world.
A seagull shrieked as it dove over the pier, looking for a snack.
Most people weren't divers.
My mouth falls over his, the kiss a wild imitation of what we're doing.
He'd bet anything that she would make a fantastic diver because her body was built to swim.
The deep was filled with mysteries humans were oblivious tothey only saw the surface wildness.
Whistling was all she had, and that had never charmed anyone except maybe a tone-deaf dog.
"Hope you don't mind," he says, eyeing me.
I turn back to the canal.
"Followed a friend over from uni," I reply, kicking a pebble off the path and into the water.
"Let's sit on the couch until the worst passes," he said.
"Now, he's headed this way.
He leaned on the railing and looked out over the mottled gray ocean to the east.
"No, she didn't, but then again, from what I gathered, her job was to make sure that it never happened, protecting Hillshire Hotels from prosecution for not disclosing their financial situation, but I still can't figure out why," Lucas said with a frustrated sigh as he reached up and rubbed the back of his neck.
I swallow hard, trying to recover from my misplaced shock.
I'm blinded too easily.
But the ocean hasn't been my friend for a long time."
Tight jeans that showed her slight curves.
"Michael John Dalton was there for a kid who needed a friend and nearly got railroaded for it.
About a fourth of the sun's disk peeked over the horizon and the sky flamed with pigment.
When that muscle in his jaw clenched double-time, she took that as a yes.
People always left without saying good-bye.
Her child grew up to be a successful man in the community, despite his beginnings."
Inna looked over to Mari, and when he did, Chase decked him with an uppercut to the chin.
Too dangerous.
For her, he'd do about anything.
They'd start over.
Not when he knew what Lucas was capable of, and right now, he knew that Lucas had nothing to lose.
Only the hand-painted sign she'd made, MERMAID'S PURSE, above the door, left any impression that the shop still existed behind the boards.
She tried to head back toward him, but her legs were glued in place.
I can only stand here, mute.
The texture of the walls reminds me of the one night I spent in jail for a drunk and disorderly.
The men rolled in the sand, punching each other at any opportunity.
"I spent a long time facing a stranger in the mirror.
They care more about music than they do about the bottom line.
"It was an emotional affair, what he and I had," he continues after a minute or two.
He filled her completely, and if she had the chance, she'd never grow tired of feeling him moving inside her.
She just knew that she liked being around him and when she wasn't, all she did was think about him.
"I have to tell you something," she said as Devyn began kissing his way back down her throat, realizing that he was going to find out eventually.
Reserved for special occasions.
Remember, whoever can answer all five math questions correctly will get quiet time for the rest of the day," Miss Thomas announced, immediately putting Andi on alert.
"Your lease is month-to-month.
And yes, I know how pathetic that sounds.
His lips look so damned soft, and I know they are.
Not like he was underwater fighting for his life.
I'm here with you, right now, and I'm...happy."
Yeah, she'd seen the movies, but the stories she heard about pirates didn't match up with the Hollywood depictions.
"I sleep with music on," I tell John as the first song begins.
Sex or no sex.
"You don't like silence, do you?"
"It was Lucas."
I'm propped up on my elbows, staring down the length of my body, as the most beautiful man I've ever seen licks my cock like it's a Chupa Chup.
He still isn't looking at me.
Chase needs my help and I'm staying to help him.
"This isn't exactly the introduction I wanted with your mother...
I doubt it will last."
I sag against him, dropping my forehead to his shoulder.
"Don't dodge the question, what do you like?
He rubbed his arms and scratched at the tentacle tattoo.
She panted, and her arms and thighs went numb at the exertion.
The wind rippled through the dune grass, crinkling and crimping it over before it sprang back like elastic.
Apparently, my listeners haven't been able to get through the phone lines to share their moods with me.
When her head touched the pillow, Devyn climbed onto the bed and settled onto his side next to her.
Yeah, being married to him would be like that.
And though they'd brushed up against each other a few times, she'd used all her reserve not to lean on him or throw her arms around his neck and kiss him.
Mari lay beside him, still sleeping.
A little star flashed on his teeth, and he waggled his eyebrows.
I think you're funny.
She stopped whistling, mid chorus, and embarrassment crept up her cheeks in a rush of heat.
Talking to her, he'd almost been able to grasp the fleeting moments of past joys.
"Christopher's personal diary has been passed down through the family.
Before they were hunted."
She reached for the button on his jeans and tugged it open.
His show, Drive Time, airs on fifty-plus stations nationwide.
He placed the last screw then stepped back.
Mari's stomach churned with the urge to change, and her legs shook, begging for release.
"I'm glad you aren't marrying him."
A clatter in the kitchen, followed by a curse, startled her.
It's what I want.
"See something you like?"
"Thinking about my brother.
The light breeze teases his auburn hair, blowing wisps of it into his whisky-soaked eyes.
The man walked in the opposite direction.
I know how fiercely loyal he is to his friends, myself included.
"A tattoo."
Ducks float on the surface of the river, occasionally scattering when a boat passes.
He swallowed down the knot that had formed in his throat.
And that last night, well...
"Frankie..." My name sounds so good coming out of his mouth in that pleading tone.
"You love the Winter Wonderland," he pointed out absently as he went through the report that she made, noting the ways that Roman Palms was losing money, the trends, local events, and needs that the hotel was ignoring.
Hold her all night long if necessary.
"As long as I go on out now, there shouldn't be any issues while the eye is over us.
Can we talk about the depressing-as-hell music you've been playing?"
He stepped closer to the display case and picked up a sand dollar from the wooden bin on top.
Doc says it's normal with PTSD, but I don't feel normal.
He'd been standing outside the window.
But the bar is secure, and the dunes were fortified last summer.
The most I could have expected, following that path, was to run a popular blog.
Visions of him in his pirate shirt and tight black pants, getting into a cab with a suitcase, flashed through her mind, only it wasn't funny or sexy.
Chase's news of the big bad was stressing her out.
Mari nodded, noting that Chase's black T-shirt bulged in all the right places, drawing tight over his chest and arms.
Once we realized what was happening, I was able to secure the remaining funds and stop any more withdrawals from occurring," Lucas explained as Devyn struggled to stay where he was when all he wanted to do was tear the building apart and look for Andi, but that wasn't an option.
"James Jamerson?
Inna scowled and the guards held his arms as he pulled against them.
"I know this is a big change and I'm sorry.
"I'm not sure how much more I can take," he laughs.
She couldn't imagine him in a suit, though he'd worn his dress uniform to Luke's funeral.
He'd miss the dreams he'd brought to life with Luke.
I had a wonderful childhood.
But with Devyn, she couldn't seem to get enough of him, every touch and kiss only left her wanting more.
His eyes search mine and I shrug.
Next thing you'll tell me is that you can talk to seagulls, and they talk back."
Plus, there was more of a chance of spotting two merpeople hanging out than one trying to keep a low profileespecially if they had shifted from their human forms.
"Your boss wants you to go have fun," came the announcement as he leaned back against the wall and folded his arms over his chest with a satisfied sigh.
He'd not shared those memories with anyone.
Mom was upset."
"Fuck," he said, closing his eyes as he dropped his head back against the chair, wondering just how fucking bad this was going to get before it was over.
Hell yeah, Luke would want him to live.
And the bar.
Before Luke's death, he wouldn't have thought twice about having her in his bed, frequently and without regret.
"Yes, they were, but we didn't know that because someone was intercepting the files, sending fake emails and reports," Lucas said, which didn't make any sense, Devyn thought as he went through the printed emails until he came to the one from Boston, the same one that canceled the fake meeting.
I scroll down to look for photos, and... Fuck.
"I don't know, life got in the way.
When he trailed his tongue down the side of her neck, she raised her chin to give him more access.
Every time I step into the booth, I send up a silent word of thanks that I found a musical home.
Short of holding him hostage, she didn't have a whole lot of ideas at the moment.
"Distracted," he says, at last, a smile in his voice.
I think back on the long, dark nights with John as my audience, supplanting anyone who may have been listening elsewhere.
She wasn't thinking about all that when she pulled the diver out of the water, but now that it was over, shouldn't he be The One?
Change it if and when and however I want.
Forcing a smile, Andi shifted her attention back to her new teacher and couldn't help but wish that Drew was here.
The colors of dawn streaked across the sky like waves.
John murmurs nonsense into my skin, holding me so tightly I can barely breathe.
So, when this explanation falls out of his mouth, I'm more than taken aback.
One moment, he and Luke were under house arrest for the least little thing, and the next, running all over the island getting into mischief with no supervision.
An hour after we arrive, I'm haggling with a vendor over a rare Kelis pressing when John gets a call and excuses himself.
Beside him, his grandmother closes her eyes and reaches for one of his hands.
Inna was inside.
"Take some aspirin?"
She currently has several paranormal and contemporary romance series published including the Neighbor from Hell series.
Not the glaring, although she actually liked it when he glared, but she really enjoyed reading through the files and learning the ins and outs of working on a deal this big.
He spun around and her eyes filled with what could only be fright.
"What friends do you have, besides the zoo at ‘KMP?
I'd lost count of how many times we ended up on the street, sleeping in shelters, seedy motels, but I remember every time my mother cried.
"He's the nice man in the red Jeep five cars back," Andi murmured with a sigh as she looked longingly at the Golden Retriever.
I want him to fuck me, but I don't think we're ready for that.
Grabbing the bottle of lube, I dribble a generous amount down his taint.
"It's been a while," he says, his voice smoky.
"I'll make it so good for you."
His dark eyes would have been handsome if only they didn't shine cold and angry.
"Of course, he did," Devyn murmured absently as he sent a quick email to the IT department, giving them the date and time of the email that had been sent from his account, giving them the task of finding out where it originated.
I slip it on without telling him, and when it begins, I see him look back at me over his shoulder.
Nodding, Devyn picked up the office phone and dialed the number listed at the bottom of the letter bearing his signature.
"I didn't really fit in with the other kids, but with Drew, I never had to worry about anything.
I resented how little time I got to spend with her, which is petty, I know.
When she pulled the knob, the door didn't budge.
Okay, that's news.
Her hair swung with his steady gait and she pretended she was one of those starlets from a 1930s flick, being carried off to bed up a grand staircase and with sweeping opera music.
I am trying so hard not to read anything into this.
When I was in high school, I went to the factory and asked for a job, but my mother wasn't having it."
"Mmmm," I respond, humming around his length.
I smile at him, lifting my hand towards his hair again.
They suggested that Carta buy the buildings instead of stock, but Lucas refused, stating that Carta was interested in a lucrative partnership with Hillshire Hotels.
Chase hadn't made it to the stairs.
"You don't understand.
God, that smile.
"I don't think about the past much.
She struggled to free her hands from the blanket.
Unconventional, yeah, but it might work.
She writhed underneath him, pushing up and feeling his hardness against her sex.
John's fingers resume their heavenly press against my skull, but his voice sounds different.
John's ever-present grin tugs at the corner of the mouth that I now know is softer than petals.
"Something ours," I say, my words a whisper as I study his face.
He scrutinized her, squinting and staring, but she held herself firm.
"No," Dyer levers himself off the wall.
But the pierwhat would the islanders do?
"Doesn't have the authorization to do any of it.
Dark shapes and moonlit water.
You can't say that about most things."
John widens his legs, his thighs shaking uncontrollably.
"I know you don't want to talk about the long term or tomorrow.
And, god, I wish I knew what he was thinking when he looks at me the way he is right now.
"I don't know what this is, Andi, but I know that I don't want to stop," Devyn said as he gently caressed the back of her hands with his thumbs.
"There has to be an explanation," Devyn said hoarsely even as he had to admit that this looked really fucking bad.
"I'll explain in a minute," Devyn said, moving to go after Lucas.
Chase couldn't stay out of her fantasies if he tried.
Our conversations becoming more relaxed, our lunches more frequent.
I'm so nervous, it's crazy.
Deciding that this was the way to go, she gestured to his bloodstained clothes and opened her mouth to point out that he'd been wearing them for the past two days, only to settle for a sad shake of her head as she let her hand drop away.
He needn't see her reaction.
"Why would I need to go to a gala that only board members and executives are invited to?" Andi asked, frowning in confusion.
I come in, get a job with the CEO of the company, which gives me direct access to all the files that were affected by this scheme and I'm guessing, ties me directly to our mysterious James Jamerson."
The wind gusted, sending a spray of sand across her drawing, obscuring the words.
His office.
And he was fantasizing again.
John makes a guttural noise that bounces off the tiled walls, and then I am flooded with warmth, his release filling every nook and cranny.
"True, but Roman Palms Hotel also has off-months during peak months," Andi quickly explained, making him frown.
Love, not just sex.
I do know there are shadows behind his eyes whenever it comes up in conversation, just before he inevitably changes the subject.
Would he stay on the island after this?
Classic Interpol, man.
I'm always eager to spin for him, and he gives me a lopsided grin, but it's halfhearted at best.
"Yeah," I groan, wanting to tell her no.
"What proof could you possibly have that your great-great-something-grandmother was a mermaid?"
"Yes, but not around people, you know.
"Your heart's racing," Andi said, feeling his heartbeat echo against her hand as she looked into Devyn's intense blue eyes.
That probably had something to do with the fact that her apartment had just been broken into, the same one that he'd begged her not to move into because it wasn't exactly in the safest area, but she'd wanted to save some money and-
She was happiness and sweetness personified.
Curious to see what was expected of her, Andi walked around the large desk and dropped down on the large leather chair with a satisfied sigh, absently noting that the chair was quite comfortable and, after a quick search, found the list on the desk marked "Daily List" and went over it, noting that there was a lot to do, but it really wasn't that bad.
Ask my mom, the queen.
Sunshine and blue skies.
And she had a great imagination.
"I suppose that makes sense," Andi said with a nod of understanding.
"Hence the extra work."
"You know you don't capture and kill mers without paying for it with your life.
I lean forward and kiss him, my head swimming with the possibilities of us.
Chase let the door close behind him, the shells staccatoing as they clinked against the glass.
His fingernail scrapes over my abdomen and, I swear to all that is holy, I think I'm going to come just from that.
The bar sale might not go through at all now.
"You're a diver."
"You worry too much."
I step around his big body and reach the console just in time to trigger the station ident spot.
He shuffled from one foot to the other.
He was moving far from the ocean, and he had more respect for Mari than to lead her on and take advantage of her.
"Is that why he was upset today?
He needed to show her he wanted her, he would protect her, and he only wanted to be with her.
The pesky birds were always stealing bait and screeching like they were trapped in a blender.
Maybe he's given up.
She sipped the warm drinkcream and sugar.
He pulls a sweater over his head and jams his feet into a pair of sneakers.
She uncovered her face and motioned to the bar where two plates and two bottles of beer sat.
"You like to challenge me."
She blinked away the dampness on her eyelashes and stared out over the gray water, remembering the touch of his fingertips along her shoulder.
The necklace was real: a merpeople artifact, and of mer-origin.
Find his shortwave radio?
He kissed her throat as she licked her lips, moaning his name before she opened her eyes and found herself swallowing hard as she looked into his eyes and...
This flat.
"The hurricane remains a strong Category Two storm though we've had some major gusts," the weatherman said.
Mr. Mathews has been out of the country for the past week," came the softly murmured words that had him going still.
He thinks Chase is responsible for his great-something-grandmother's death."
She could do this, Andi told herself as she sat there, struggling to hold it together as every set of eyes locked on her.
And I also don't want to be another notch on his headboard.
"And you were attracted to him," I say, to state the obvious.
"Ah." John grins. "I thought you might have worked in a music venue, or at a local station."
With little effort, he could pick her up and take her back to his bedroom.
He'd never been good at handling emotional outbursts.
The men pummeled each other, and she ran toward them.
"There's so much great new stuff coming out this summer, I've had a grand time breaking new releases."
"Why?" His smile trembles at the corners, and I can see his pulse hammering away at the base of his throat.
"Not nice, I mean of course they were nice, but being kind is different than being nice.
Hiding is so pre-Obama."
"Our friends were his friends.
It had only been three days since the last time that she saw him and she was lost without him, Andi thought with a grumble as she sat there, staring down at the file in her lap.
We all do.
"You're a horrible brother," Andi mumbled, reaching for her phone only to have Drew pluck the phone off the coffee table and toss it across the room onto her bed before she could grab it.
Now, the sea offered nothing but discordance and bad memories.
Deciding to see where this went, she followed the large man that apparently had a history of breaking his assistant's will to live off the elevator and onto a very quiet floor that was tastefully decorated.
I'm going to stay and make sure he doesn't sneak back up here."
"Watch me," I command softly.
"Screw them, you're amazing."
But with Inna behind them, the situation wasn't funny.
"Pardon me, I'm a bit of an elitist when it comes to this."
And now that Inna knows you're family, he will lift his revenge plot," Mari said.
He knew the answer, but part of him wanted to hear it to be sure. To hear her say it.
John, I presume.
His mouth is claret red, his cheeks flushed.
He needed to sign the fucking papers and-
I need more."
"I gotta get out of this little town and away from the ocean."
He'd decided to keep it alland now he was going to lose everything.
Inna reached out to touch her face, but Mari jerked away.
"Right, but... You... No more secrets, right?"
Right now, you could knock me over with a feather.
If Chase saw him, she'd have a lot of explaining to do, and they were explanations she wasn't ready to offer.
I asked you.
"This is very...new to me."
I wanted him to feel the loss of his brother.
Like cedar, and sandalwood, and summer.
He couldn't take the kiss back, and truthfully, he didn't want to.
Otherwise, he'd have written in it, and maybe we'd know what happened."
"I hope we're as lucky with the rest of the storm."
I'm tired of waiting on you to get over this rebellious streak.
How things had changed in a day.
Like he's staking a claim.
Silent screams.
I'm grinding my teeth, and I need to stop.
I really need to get a handle on this infatuation.
That's why the merpeople said she was raped.
"I hope it's because of me," she said, lifting her head up and peering at him.
"You don't need to do that, Miss Dawson.
"I didn't understand it at the time.
She picked up a stick of knotty driftwood and drew a small heart in the sand beside her.
"You're an amazing woman, Miss Dawson."
There really wasn't much difference, except that privateers worked officially for the British.
They'd be alone all night, the two of them.
His knee bounced as he tapped his foot.
"That's fantastic," John says, and I look over at him.
All I can do is stare as he reaches around me to pull the curtain closed, making sure it's inside with us because he clearly has a functioning brain.
Carta Hotels has an excellent benefits package," Andi said, wondering why they were having this conversation at a time like this.
I don't want to hear any more.
Chase jogged down the last stretch of road, his legs burning from exertion.
You aren't the only one with something on the line if the storm tears through here.
John moans, and my brain goes all fuzzy.
He hadn't shaved, and his stubble grew in darker than his sun-lightened hair.
Aren't you hungry?
If only she could risk taking a swim, she could work off some of her frustration.
And if he did that, they'd hear him.
No, this place wouldn't be the same without Chase.
"Can you believe how gorgeous the sky is tonight?
As long as they're gentle, it doesn't bother me.
That would be the reason for the panic.
He's easily the most beautiful man I've ever had in my bed.
John takes a deep shuddering breath.
She froze as he wrapped his arms around hernot in a caring way, but possessively.
The project wasn't even your idea," she said as she looked up and found him watching her as she debated the best way to tell him what she found.
Whispering it into my skin like a prayer.
Thankfully, she'd helped herself to several of Roman Palms' files before she left, so she should be able to fill in the blanks.
Was that a history book?
How I am able to string together an actual, coherent phrase, I've no idea.
You have to be busy other projects and the teaching gig."
"I've never seen an uncut prick before," he says, fascination in his voice.
"I was beginning to think I'd never hear from you again."
He dipped one finger inside her folds, then two, stroking slowly.
The cart swung with her rhythmic moves and Chase met her mouth with ever more persistent thrusts.
He hasn't shaved this evening, and his jaw is dusted with a copper shadow.
"Let me drink you down."
"I never hated your show, or the station, I just think you can do better."
Forget us.
Don't ask for a song, love, just tell me your mood.
And the possibility of sex on the couch again.
"As soon as I regain consciousness, we'll pick up where we left off," he said, correctly guessing that her thoughts had turned homicidal, but then again, she most likely gave it away with the way that she was glaring at him.
She was happy, more than happy, in fact, enjoying a week off in the comfort of her own home.
"Amateurs," Andi said with a heartfelt sigh as she flipped through her notebook, the same one that whoever stole her iPad had overlooked.
The sounds of the bed creaking with every roll of his hips mixed with the sounds of their moans filling the room as she struggled against the urge to close her eyes and lose herself as pleasure began spreading through her body.
"Thanks," I offer Dyer a small smile.
Now listen to me, or I will kill Chase today."
"I don't know why he acted violently.
At the bottom of the picture, it says Walt Whitman High School, Edgerton, Pennsylvania.
Wasn't it what Mari said too?
Give me your secrets, love.
Dragon Ember (coming soon)
This area was one of my favorite spots.
"My iPad," she said, really hoping that it was here somewhere, but she had a bad feeling the housekeeper took it when she was cleaning the room.
All I can do is hold on for the ride, no longer in control.
"It covers the whole screen and is as wide as several states.
Lucas and his team had been working on this project for almost two years, making sure that everything was perfect, Devyn reminded himself as the rest of the board members took their seats.
"Let's go with reformed."
They told him he was lucky.
"It's a curse," Andi said as she dusted herself off.
The chilled air prickles my skin.
She's known for her humor, quick wit and ability to write relatable characters.
My own blood heats as the truth of the situation begins to take shape.
I spent it sorting through some old CDs I'd burned.
She was pathetic.
Stop asking about my move.
"Are you okay?" the man sitting next to her asked, looking concerned, which was understandable given the fact that she was nine months pregnant and struggling to sit up straight.
Luke wouldn't have wanted Chase to wither away and not feel, not live.
Doug, one of his day bartenders, joined him at the deck railing and lit a cigarette.
We've got to protect the bar.
With Mari at his side.
Should be a straightforward deal, then I'm outta here."
Fire & Brimstone
Even if he were scared himself.
Lucas wouldn't hurt her, not when he clearly needed something from him.
He slammed his palm onto the counter again and Mari jumped.
The water was out there, close.
Anything was better than standing there, pretending that everything was okay.
John returns to his seat, concern still etched in his chiseled features.
Not that she'd ever been to Las Vegas or anywhere far inland.
"You kept this from me because you knew I wouldn't approve.
Found herself shoving the phone log off her lap and snatching the file for Cremsford Hotel off the floor, swallowing hard as she opened the file and had the air rushing out of her lungs as she quickly read through the file.
"Nothing more than worry about my shop.
You promised!"
"I want you in my mouth."
"As the story goes," he began, "Christopher and Amelia met during a terrible storm."
His dark countenance and slumped shoulders bore the same anger he'd had when she talked to him in the water.
Not Philly-big," I concede.
"You may undress me."
She'd found a treasure when she rescued him and now that they'd had sex, she felt they belonged together.
That was what he wanted, right?
He had no idea how interesting his story was becoming.
Her shirt clung to her in all the best ways, outlining her perky breasts and trim waist.
He ran hot and then cold with no warning.
I don't care how you feel about me."
In her spare time, she'd plot how to keep Chase from moving away.
I'm at ‘KMP until you wheel my cold, dead body from the booth."
He hadn't had that feeling in a long time.
Ignoring the traitor, he kept his focus on Nicholas.
A tiny bit of a smile crept onto his face.
"I really need to use the bathroom," Andi said, which unfortunately for her, was quickly becoming a problem.
Once again, found himself wishing that Andi was here.
The thundering beat of his heart against my back, and the singing of the shower.
She tried to sprint, but her flip-flops tangled in her toes, pulling and pinching.
Biting back a sigh for the man that had sent very detailed and somewhat odd instructions on how to deliver the files to his apartment, Andi looked up and-
"What if... What if someone – a student or a parent - looks into my past?"
He wants me to grow the fuck up.
She wasn't that kind of person.
We go quiet as the album progresses, content to be in each other's company, sharing a beer and a sofa.
"And then?" Andi asked, struggling to focus.
Oh God, he melts into my embrace and just cries, and cries while I rock him and murmur vague reassurances.
I walk backward, watching as her creamy, sepia-toned cheeks plump with embarrassment.
His mom had always been warm and cold with her oversight of him and his brother.
God, she was the cutest fucking oblivious woman that he'd ever met, Devyn thought, biting back a sigh.
This gives me roughly seven minutes to get to know my temporary neighbor.
The storm neared, too close for comfort.
And I have to remind myself that we just had an ugly moment.
If he'd only been able to stay conscious, or triggered their emergency comm unit, he might have been able to save Luke.
"Must be pretty low barometric pressure for it to be so clear.
All of the hurt and rage and fear come slithering back, but mostly I'm worried about him.
I'm still painfully hard, but my head is clearing, at least.
"Any of the guys coming to help, or is it you, me, and the drill?"
Their child.
Clearing her throat, she forced herself to release her hold on the table and sit back only to go still when she felt it.
"Well, I could stay downstairs in my room if it'd make you feel better."
"Babe...I know it sucks that he didn't tell you," Garrett says, sounding irritatingly reasonable.
That silvery gaze is piercing.
What would Chase think?
"All you had to do was ask.
Only this time, no stairs and no fancy dress.
Between Inna and the storm, she and Chase had little chance of coming through this as friends, much less anything more.
But maybe as interestingand possibly enlightening.
John straightens up, and his lips press into a thin line.
"Next week," Devyn said, wishing like hell that he could go now, but with the monthly board dinner this week, that wasn't an option.
I love the feel of him there, hot and a little rough under my fingertips.
It stings, but I sort of understand it.
"Keep going," Devyn said, sighing heavily as he rubbed his hands down his face, wondering when this nightmare was going to end.
Why the hell would a diver want to live in Kansas?
You have to marry me and live as my wife completely of your own accord.
But his sullen aloofness was as bad, if not worse, than his anger.
I thought about selling it to help buy the bar but decided that I'd better hang on to it, since I inherited it as the eldest.
A few tendrils curl around his ears and jawline.
Slowly exhaling, Andi pushed the elevator call button and when the elevator doors didn't open fast enough, she hit it again and again only to decide that she'd rather take the stairs.
"Why does that surprise you?"
Please tell me you can cover for Riley this afternoon, her kid broke his arm, and they're at the emergency room."
Chapter 15
"You're dripping all over my floor."
I saw him, socially, more than I did the woman I'd pledged my life to.
But you think he'd kill you because you won't marry him?"
"And don't say nothing.
It's the opposite of good, it's a bloody nightmare.
"‘Ello Johnny," I'd said in my brightest voice.
That's Dyer.
But where my parlor is a riot of colors and textures, wood grain furniture, hardwood floors, and various rugs of unknown origin, John's is nearly industrial.
He'd given it power over him and it was time to take that power back.
Had her breath catching when his hands slid over her bottom and gently squeezed.
I was lucky if we spent a few hours a week in the same room."
"It makes me irresistible," Andi said as she reached up and ran her fingers through his hair.
If he didn't have to be personally responsible for keeping the property safe until the closing papers were signed, he'd leave now.
He took in the Carta Hotels' board members standing around the large boardroom, smiling as they congratulated themselves on a job well done as he sat there, unable to stop thinking about the small woman that was threatening his sanity.
I'm plummeting, careening off into a place I never thought I'd ever be.
I clamber off his lap with all the grace of a baby goat and plop down on the cushion beside him, reaching immediately for my wine glass.
God, he looks so damned terrified.
"You're lonely.
I'll finish him here and this little diversion will be over."
He stacked the plates, then cupped the drink glasses in the crook of his elbow and headed toward the kitchen.
"And I'm fine here, so you can go."
As long as it didn't affect her, she didn't care.
His touch is gentle and sweet, but it scorches my skin like a brand.
He plants a quick kiss on my cheek as he walks by me.
I don't want to fight, so I don't bring it up.
It had been a long time since she found anything that caught her attention, but after an hour of going through those files, she was hooked.
Chase steadied himself on the moving platform and moved to the next.
Chase stared, relishing the pink flush that covered her body and the way her chest rose and fell with shallow breaths.
Inna was already halfway up, smiling as he climbed.
They hadn't spoken about it afterward.
John waits patiently as the other couple follows the hostess to their table.
Knowing she was naked in his bedroomthat was a thought he couldn't afford to entertain.
That was true, but...
If she'd agree.
Working as an EMT helped her get over her shyness as well as left her with some fond memories and some rather disturbing ones that from time to time show up in one of her books.
"The water is filled with debris.
"I wish I'd had a little brother."
Brings him freshly baked cookies.
I slide my fingers free, thrilled to feel that his body is reluctant to let me go.
You can't marry someone like that."
It was always meant to be yours.
"Paris," she said.
None of them jump out at me, so I change my search.
Don't tell him I spoke of it, or he will punish me."
My desires."
"An ex...girlfriend?" I'm prodding.
He slapped his hand against the wet tiles.
"Can't sleep."
Then, I'll take care of his problem.
I send up silent thanks to Rick for leaving the heat on, and for the thick wall-to-wall carpet because I go immediately to my knees in front of John.
"Just a lot on my mind."
"And you're stuck in that rickety bar right on the beach."
"I'll toss the paper in the trash.
"I sort of envy that you don't need a belt to hold these up," I whisper.
Life was not fair.
Every time he thought that he would lose his fucking mind, she was there, making it difficult to care that he shouldn't need her the way that he did.
"Yeah, when I'm not working.
"At least they don't know who you are," Andi said, going for a hopeful smile that was met with a glare.
It's an assault on the senses, a riot of colors and textures that you'd never find outside of a hallucination.
Then he might pay more attention to her.
She raised her hips to meet his movements.
John leans both forearms on the railing and turns his attention to me.
Almost flirtatious.
Her pale, wet hair hung in long waves.
"I will drink you down," I tell him because it's something I truly need to do, and soon.
She didn't know why she thought things would be different with Devyn.
"Our families are friends."
She was the one that stopped it from happening," Devyn pointed out as he reluctantly turned the financial report over and...felt his stomach drop when he saw the police report from the night of his attack.
A smile touches the edge of his mouth, and I can't quite place the emotion in his eyes.
"I should probably stay here just in case Mr. MacGregor needs something," Andi said, running all the possibilities through her head and...God, she really wished that she had the Hillshire Hotels files with her.
"You wouldn't have kept something this important from me," I argue.
Boston, MA
I would be a loyal listener.
The most I could hope for is a nice buzz from cheap alcohol, and maybe a rub and tug from a random guy in a urine-soaked stall if I get really pissed and lose all sense of myself.
She followed the movements as he reached for his fly, unsnapping his pants before he carefully pulled the zipper over the large bulge straining against his pants.
He licks a wet stripe there before making his way back up to my ear where he nibbles on my lobe.
John hasn't tried to call or text me for three days.
There was no one else he'd rather spend the night with.
Happily-ever-after is a myth.
"It's a wonder you can function with so little sleep."
"I won't tell your brother that you lied about taking it easy," Devyn said as he shifted his attention to the woman that he couldn't live without as she noticeably swallowed.
I don't stifle my laughter this time, and John grins begrudgingly.
Pulling herself the last few feet, she reached for Chase, and he yanked her onto the platform.
Fun was not a word that came to mind at the thought of being out on the water again.
Realized that they'd just wasted a trip for nothing when he saw the email letting him know that Charlton Hotel canceled the meeting after figuring out their mistake and apologized for wasting his time right around the time that Andi finally managed to break free and practically dove back into the car.
It isn't John, though.
"Please don't sign anything!"
Broken glass spread across the floor under the window like a rainbow of crystals.
She had to get rid of him before Chase came back.
"I struck up a conversation with him in the teacher's lounge on his first day, and we had lunch together just about every day after."
They'd talked for hours and she'd watched Chase relax as he told stories about his childhood with Luke, his navy diver days, and his and Luke's grand plan to have a bar and eventually a diving school here on the island.
He feels good, though not really in a sexual way, just...being held.
"I still don't understand why we couldn't get real food for breakfast," Devyn said, finishing off the candy bar before he reached into the bag and grabbed another one.
"It's for you.
With a murmured, "You're a pain in the ass," Devyn scooted them to the edge and tightened his hold around her as they went flying down the slide, the sound of her laughter making him smile.
Like I said, asshole mode.
"Well, he was often there working late.
They moved the buffet in front of the window, blocking most of the wind and rain.
Her apartment is designed for that singular purpose and is just as much a symphony of colors, textures, and styles as her office.
Chase grunted but didn't respond.
I already called the police."
"Everything makes you sad," he said, reaching over to brush fake snow off her cheek with his thumb, unable to help but notice just how soft her skin was.
An image of Chase, naked except for a cowboy hat, smiling and holding up a blinking sign that said BONUS, flashed through her mind.
At some point, she'd started to think of him as Devyn, the man that she liked spending time with and thought about more than she should.
"There are better ways to kiss my ass, Miss Dawson."
"Who was that man in the amusement park?
Her mother would have to wait a while to see her.
And the truth is, I don't know.
He loved seeing the water from afar.
I want to see every swish of your tail, mermaid."
Was she safe on the ship?
He opened his mouth to argue, but...
"I'm not going to let him hurt you," he said.
He screams, his voice hoarse, and I nearly come just from the sound of it.
And he's met just about everyone there."
"But big for the UK.
"Stories are about all I have left of family.
"At least tell me that she's not like the last one.
Since he showed up at her door with a bacon sandwich and gave her a ride to work this morning, she wasn't going to argue with him.
Mostly she went out to swim at night, but that was okay.
"Are you happy now?"
"Well, thank fucking God for that," I exhale with relief.
It's my turn to laugh.
Released her.
"Your brother's coming to pick you up," Devyn explained as he finished texting Drew and handed the phone back to her.
He should face me like a manbesides, I owe him one."
She took a deep breath and spoke firmly.
His eyes lock on mine.
Mari, you can fill him in on what this all means?"
Which is why my job is so important to me.
Johnny arches an eyebrow, amused.
"I wanted to be a journalist."
She couldn't have gone back to her merfamilythey would have never accepted her.
There, he'd said it.
Dyer scoots his chair around the table until he's sitting right next to me.
He nods, but his focus is split between his phone, which has just chimed, and whatever thoughts my questions have dredged up.
The rolling ocean waves used to be her best friend, but recently they tossed her insides with their slightest surge.
"Um, that's kind of small."
"You aren't afraid of the shower."
He invades my channel, and I want to surrender, I do.
Soft, warm, Cheesesteak bao buns, tender pork potstickers, savory bulgogi, crispy brussel sprouts, kimchee fried rice, the short ribs and no less than three orders of the edamame dumplings had been washed down with more IPA.
"I'm over in Doylestown, but I'm working on a house down in NewBold."
A gust of rainy wind swept between them, releasing a few long strands of pale hair from her clip.
The whole room pitched and swerved, and the calliope music, punctuated with recorded laughter and static, warbled on.
Out of his league.
All those sweaty bodies writhing and pumping to a rhythm I set.
He's a good guy, a great guy even, but he's just not the guy for me.
When I glance down, I see our cocks bobbing in tandem, stiff.
I don't have many.
Everything was in place on the tall tables: chairs, napkins, beer coasters, as if the bar would be open tomorrow and every day thereafter.
I'd discovered it by accident when I first came to WKMP and taken a wrong turn off Main Street.
As soon as her hand touched his, he lost his footing and fell forward with an unmanly shriek, tumbling headfirst into her.
"And now you have a black eye because I didn't say anything.
Her shop door looked odd, all boarded upsad, defeated.
He lifted her into his arms and then dashed up the last few steps, her hair swinging in their wake.
I wouldn't call her a receptionist, though that is her formal title.
She watched the motion, her head fuzzy and full of questions she was unable to voice.
"Her prognosis isn't great, but she isn't in pain."
Before, things happened quickly.
She peered at him through her lashes, then closed her eyes and tucked her arms under the blanket.
If only the electricity would come back on and stay on.
No more flower petals and kissing.
I pause, giving him time to get used to me.
But being different in Glasgow is almost a badge of honor.
For the past two years, he'd been telling her to quit her job and find one that didn't leave her struggling to find the will to get out of bed in the morning.
Your beloved Paris.
She could stay like this forever, swimming in his masculinity and strength.
They could stay here and wait to see what Lucas was going to do or...
The signage here is dismal.
I do, but then I'm chewing my lip.
It's so new and so fragile, I'm feeling overly protective of it.
She depressed the drill's trigger halfway, intending to enjoy the close contact, even if it was all that she ever got from him.
There's so much he keeps hidden from me, I can tell.
"I still have to check the storm shutters and make sure the guys did a good job.
He held her as the storm raged and the bar creaked and shuddered.
"He's been having an affair with Miss Dawson, which is the real reason why he decided to spend the last month visiting Carta Hotels' properties.
The Cursed Hearts Series:
Her stomach growled in agreement.
Different here takes a lot more effort, and I don't bother to make it.
Nothing to feel guilty about.
"I thought you were taking the week off," came the smug announcement accompanied by a sigh of annoyance that had her swallowing hard because apparently, Devyn thought so too.
My skin prickling with the need to have him touch me again.
"The ocean is calm now," she said.
"And yes, I'm staying at the bar."
He already has an offer on the whole property.
Mari's mother put her hands on her hips.
If Inna ever found out what happened... She shuddered.
No wonder John always makes the drive down to the city to see me.
Ghost in a Bottle (with Lia Davis)
It feels good for about a second, and then I'm grateful I've tied a hoodie around my waist.
At the bottom of the screen, the words Local teacher exonerated, scroll across, but they clearly aren't treating him like he's innocent.
He closed his hot mouth over her nipple, and she bit into her lower lip.
Are we to blame for what goes on before we're born?"
Someone was coming down the beach toward her.
In the candlelight, his left eye was a bit swollen, and the cut on his cheek looked angry and red.
He brushed the sand from his back.
When he lowered himself into her wet folds, he sighed.
John's on me, hands and mouth everywhere.
"I hope that was okay to do, I...I've wanted to for a while now."
Mothers want their daughters to stay little girls with curls and bows."
Or a privateer, more accurately, as the British called him.
A lone gull shrieked by, and it sounded like he said, "Doom, doom..."
Chapter Two
Whatever it is, it's killing him.
His deadline is tight, and he seems determined to meet it, but I worry.
As he moved them further onto the bed, Devyn found himself wondering if he'd ever be able to get enough of her.
"To be honest, it's not something I ever think about, but if you think so, then I'm glad."
He leaned down and kissed her forehead as he placed his hand gently on her belly.
We can rebuild"
I hope not.
She pictured a mermaid swollen up with hives, a shrimp tail hanging out of her mouth.
A tentaclethick and blackcircled his left arm, starting at the wrist.
"But how did she surviveespecially with a baby?"
Keeping one arm wrapped tightly around the shivering woman in his arms, Devyn pulled his phone out and-
Not that wedding.
And like I didn't just come less than twenty minutes ago, I'm as hard as a standing stone.
I work my way inside his trousers and underwear to get to his cock.
"You don't know she was murdered.
The rain answered with a drumbeat.
The third transfer went to a dummy account and when no red flags were raised, he kept going.
I want drugs.
"And be careful."
She'd saved him once, and she'd be there if he needed rescuing again.
Had Christopher killed Amelia to get it?
So surreal.
Then he had his own ship for a while.
I shift on the bench to face him.
"Dyer's confidence is performative, a lot of it."
It lands on the floor next to his.
He loved the Ferris wheel.
Her heart responded, and she had to push the urge to run to the water and dive in down.
"I thought you were smarter than that."
She held out her hand and tried again with the same result.
"What was wrong with your room?"
"My brother is dead."
She coughed, choking on the tightness in her chest.
You'll be at my side as my wife and we will toast his suffering."
He steps into the tub and holds a hand out to me.
It appeared right after my brother was killed.
"Then, things happen..."
I dig deep into their catalog and pull up an extended mix of a track called Karmacoma.
"Breathe," Dyer whispers, leaning into me.
Thankfully, the sand was blown in by the wind, not washed in by the wavesotherwise there would be more damage and a lot more sand.
I've been staring off into space, thinking of the only thing I ever seem to think about anymore, aside from music.
Growing stronger.
"Inna," she sputtered, surfacing within a few feet of the merman.
Then, why don't we talk about the reason why you were in my office at ten-thirty at night in your pajamas?"
And having Chase upstairs had been the cherry on top of her life's sundae.
"Not that I'm worried about getting hurt, I can take care of myself."
Devyn would do anything to protect her.
"I still feel guilty.
"It makes my job easier," she told him, wondering what was going to happen to Hillshire Hotels now that the news was out.
Even if he was The One, she had been nervous he'd recognize her as the girl who saved him.
She drew her knees up and palmed her sex, pushing against the need that threatened to engulf her before he returned.
He lifted her and swung her in a circle, long hair flying out behind her as they spun.
I experiment, pushing the blunt tip of my finger against his puckered ring.
Devyn wondered as he slid his phone back into his pocket as he searched for the small woman that kept him up half the night only to sigh when he spotted her making her way into the large ballroom that the hotel had turned into a winter wonderland.
The song was a smash hit for a reason.
Not that I know of, anyway.
Chase grunted as Inna got him into a headlock.
I cue up Stinkfist by Tool and slump back into my seat.
She hadn't slept much over the past week.
Chase needed help, but he wouldn't let anyone in.
That's the priority right now."
"But that's what everyone thinks, right?" he asked, making her heart break for him.
"True, but it doesn't have to be.
You deserve to fall hard for someone, as long as they fall hard for you."
He'd be on the mainland by nightfall, away from the frothing sea and its creatures.
For a moment, Devyn stood there watching her, making one last attempt to convince himself that this was a bad idea, but...
But we'd formed a connection, or so I'd thought, during the weeks that he'd worked at the station.
"I'm marrying Inna," she said.
To Doylestown?
If only he'd beaten the crap out of Inna, or at least enough to keep him from coming back around.
Inna stalked off toward the shallows.
It's a dangerous combination.
I'll deal with it later.
He was unable to make someone happy and it wasn't fair to keep leading her on.
Feeling like he was being watched, he turned to Mari, midsuck.
"I made it today," Andi said with a firm nod, watching as Drew reached over and plucked the book on administrative organization off the coffee table and turned the thick book over in his hands.
The tingle starts in the small of my back and travels down to my balls, which draw up so tight I think they might explode.
And now Inna was complicating things.
My heart can't help but break for him.
Of course he didn't know it was her, but still.
The craftsmanship would be perfect, and the piece would feel right.
"Yeah, we should be," he said.
He watched Mari arguing with the long-haired man on the beach.
"I already took care of that.
I sigh thinking of him alone in this.
Three hours and twelve windows later, the pile of plywood had grown smaller but wasn't gone.
Her store.
My voice wavers a little, which makes him lean back and smile.
Speaking of her other home...
I think we should enjoy the stars while we can.
The shadows flickered on the wall as the candlelight burned lower.
"Doesn't sound like a great place to live.
But he had so many limits.
John's breath catches as I easily breach the ring of muscle at his entrance.
I didn't realize I was so tense.
"I'm sorry I didn't call.
Did you know that merpeople supposedly have lots of tribes under the ocean?"
Now come here.
Chase stood by the barstools at the main bar, his tall form shadowed but visible.
"Thinking about the bar and all the work left to do to pack and move."
God, he couldn't fucking stop thinking about how close he came to losing her.
Over the island and ocean, the sky was filled with stars and an almost full moon.
"Yes," Andi said, not really sounding all that concerned, which only made him even more curious about her.
"She let me do what I like.
Mari, buried in the blanket, her hair a shadowed halo, her lips slightly parted and damp...
"I don't want to work in the accounting department," she said as the waitress that had given her a weird look when she'd asked for a plate of bacon earlier set their orders on the table.
Should she tell him everything and take a chance he'd understand?
We break-off our hundredth kiss, both breathing hard.
The tool made the job quick, and she moved to the other corner.
Why fight it?
Desire pooled deep, and he tried to hold it at bay.
I smile because that's the nicest thing he's ever said to me.
"Oh," she said, trying to conceal a grin that threatened to spread across her face.
This is a big deal to meI thought I was done with closeness, but I'm ready for this commitment.
"I don't think we're going to be able to get much done on this trip," Devyn said, watching her as he debated calling to see how long it would take to get the jet ready so that they could return to Florida, only to find himself doing something that he never would have thought about doing before.
I'm going to lose my fucking mind.
Okay, I was not expecting that.
When I wake up, I find I'm stretched out along the couch with a blanket has been draped over me.
The thought of what she had done with her tongue earlier made his balls ache.
Inna knew she hated for him to come see her on the islandit was risky because he didn't know how to behave around humans.
Too quiet.
Maybe it was the word pirate, since today's lot were as likely to maim and kill in their quest for wealth and power.
One of the pillars sputtered into a pool of wax and he moved to light another of the fragrant candles.
If he gave in.
Chapter 22
He's panting hard and so am I, and he's still holding my weight.
It was a great place to hang out and people-watch, without being, you know, watched."
She scanned what was left of the pier.
Moaning his name, Andi pulled away as she climbed onto her knees and reached for him.
"Now, what are we going to do in an empty and lifeless amusement park?"
None of that mattered without Andi.
I don't know.
Until Inna comes back.
I need a do-over, so I take a moment to study him.
He had to get out of there.
He sat on the couch opposite her, beer in hand.
"I don't make the rules," Andi said with a heavy sigh as she took a bite out of her candy bar and went over the list of things that she needed answers to once they reached the hotel.
Chase shifted his gaze out toward the beach, scanning for any sign of danger.
"I'm not happy about the situation."
There's a photo of John with a bunch of teenagers in front of what looks like a classroom.
And ever since, you've been hanging around diver man like a barnacle on a pylon.
She studied the way his neck curved into the top of his T-shirt, with his Adam's apple moving every time he swallowed.
"If there are any tricks," he continued, "I'll kill you both.
I thought it was a great addition to the bar's theme.
"Do you have any idea how beautiful you are?
"You have to leave without me.
His grief was her fault too.
The water turned cool, then cold, and his tears cleared.
"I would have done that, but I knew that you didn't want to be disturbed," Andi said, nodding solemnly.
Thick lashes brush his cheeks when he blinks.
"It's missing," he said, frowning as he reached over and swiped to the next record, noting the same thing.
She says that was her first clue."
Deep breaths weren't going to bring Luke back.
I think about Garrett, his larger-than-life personality, his confidence that the world owed him nothing but its best.
Even though he wasn't diving anymore, his muscles retained a swim-slender shape.
She tried to put her hand inside his pants, but it was almost impossible while sitting.
Her white teeth practically light up the room.
At his questioning look, she said, "I think better when my needs are being met," making him bite back a sigh as he grabbed the small bottle and resigned himself to the long night ahead.
Had he fallen victim to government mind control?
Andi rushed out as she carefully climbed off the stack of dictionaries and headed towards the back, only to stop, turn around and grab her bag before she made her way to the bookshelves that she fully planned on becoming better acquainted with.
His hands smooth up and down my back, his touch sure and uncertain all at once.
She stared, unable to avert her gaze or pretend that she wasn't watching him.
And anyway, once a mermaid saved a man, wasn't he destined to be her true love, with weddings on ships or private islands and happily-ever-afters filled with music and sparkles and talking fish?
He was out, though not open, so I didn't know right away.
I get a perverse thrill out of it that unnerves me.
"Like, an evening meal?
John Burton is as close to perfect as they come...excebuckspt for one thing.
With the promise of lots of great sex and old canned goods.
He'd want the same for Luke.
Really wishing that she'd remembered that before she'd decided to come back here, Andi prayed that they took this somewhere else, preferably before they did something that would haunt her for the rest of her life.
"You set up a project that you never planned to see through so that you could embezzle twenty-five million dollars and what?
If only she could lean into him for eternity and find relief from the heavy load of responsibility.
John hands me a tiny bottle of lube and an envelope.
He'd known his brother hadn't survived, given the way his mother was acting, but it had taken two days to pry the information out of hospital personnel.
"You lost someone you love, and you feel guilty."
When I return to John, he's fisting himself and stroking.
If you want to go on ahead to make sure you get to the ferry, go ahead.
But the mermaid, and that's what she was, saved the ship.
Hell, I never even kissed him, but..."
Dyer turns his head to me and nudges his glasses down his nose to peer over the rims.
"No, but I do have a bad habit of raiding supply closets," she admitted with a helpless shrug, knowing that she probably should have kept that one to herself.
It's a constant reminder of what happened.
"There's so much to do..." Andi mumbled absently, her mind already beginning to work out all of the things that she needed to do and-
But he said dinner.
Could be the two ounces of rye I've just slammed, or it could be the man sitting across from me.
Merfolk revenge pacts could be viciousor so she'd learned in school.
John kissed me.
"They already shipped the audit files to Florida," Andi said, sighing in defeat as she handed the phone back to him, clearly realizing the problem.
Luke and I were never able to find any information other than what I told you."
John grins down at me as if he can read my mind.
And I saw you laughing with him today as you put boards on the windows."
"Hey, I'm not done with..."
Tell me what you want."
He'd have been in more trouble than he already was.
I sink a hand into his thick, satiny hair and use the other to grab onto his shoulder.
She didn't care if the hurricane came onshore right now with its wind and rain.
"Purple Rain!"
Truce: The Historic Neighbor from Hell
I wasn't sure what I expected when I decided to investigate the matter, but I wasn't prepared for what I found."
I stick a tortilla chip in my mouth to buy time.
"Unless you mean you are staying here to protect him.
I must say, he's damned good at what he does.
I'm not claustrophobic, but that booth is enough to make me so.
If the bar collapsed under a storm surge, she could swim away if the debris didn't trap her, but he'd never make it out.
Her mother had paid a lot of money for her to go to fish finishing school.
But there's got to be something in the relationship handbook about sleeping with an Ex, especially one that doesn't seem to realize he is an Ex.
A sudden gust of wind whipped across the road and spread her hair over her face in a net.
"Let's take a look around before it gets dark."
She wasn't sure when he'd finally settled down.
He pushed, trying to balance between giving her pleasure and restraining his own.
His voice is monotonous, like he doesn't have the strength to push sound out of his mouth.
Having had him at the center of my world these last few months, in my bed and, yes, in my heart, I'm terrified he'll disappear again.
How he might be in bed.
The warm exhalation from his words washes over my ear and the side of my neck.
"Tell me about your first time," John whispers into my ear, hoarse and husky.
If he'd wanted to stay in touch, he knows where I am.
"Like the part where you explain why it's any of your business what I do," Andi said as she made quick use of the bathroom.
His entire body ripples like a ribbon in the breeze as he comes and comes, the condom filling fast.
"Last test three weeks ago, though I haven't been...ohgod...I haven't been with anyone in months...John..."
Cancer of some sort."
I whimper, and John peppers my lips and cheeks with soft kisses before he eases back to sit on his heels.
Her nipples perked and he sucked and licked one through her dress while squeezing and fondling her other breast with his hand.
He'd lost Luke, and he'd lost Marithough he'd never claimed her as his.
Good thing her body knew what to do because her brain was on vacation.
The thought of that, of this man knowing me without me sharing myself with him, terrifies me.
He'd have stayed, despite his letters of marque.
"I figured it would crumble the next time you ran your hand through your hair, and then it would be a bitch to get out."
The numbers were better than he could have hoped for.
I'll leave before the storm gets bad."
It would have been a smarter fucking move to find someone else than to cross that line with Andi, but the problem was, he didn't want anyone else.
"And besides, I need some fresh air.
The cold in the room seeps into my skin in the brief time it takes for him to go to his nightstand and return.
"Things have changed."
Close to him.
"Wanna try it on?"
I reach down next to the table for my backpack, opening it and pulling out my laptop.
The wind resonated off the ocean and a burst of heavy rain followed.
She'd never planned on applying for any assistant jobs, never had any interest in doing it, but now that she was here, she was looking forward to trying something different.
"Is Patrick still in your life?"
Lucky wasn't the word for how he felt.
"I want to be with you too."
The sea had always defined their lives, who they were, and what they wanted.
His eyes locked with hers as he reached behind her and pulled, the muscles in his arms bulging as he yanked, pain tearing through her back with every move, but it wouldn't give.
She could use a blindfold and silk scarves and...oh, a red silk scarf and plush handcuffs...
Sighing heavily, Drew cupped her face in his hands and said, "You suck at this."
I'll figure out how to deal with him.
You can't appreciate it until you are holding it."
"Apparently," Devyn said, reading through the board's email response to the bullshit that went down yesterday.
More than that, he is genuine.
"John," I squawk with a voice that sounds nothing like my own, more pubescent adolescent than radio personality.
She sat on the floor, arms wrapped around her knees, eyes wide.
I turn to him, just my head.
When Ben saw him coming, he pasted a polite smile on his face that didn't hide the smug look in his eye.
She bent and took the tip of his cock into her mouth and ran her tongue along the sensitive underside.
"I mean...we don't really know each other, so don't feel like you have to explain anything to me."
"The injury isn't your fault.
It's a delighted, delirious sound.
The station was less than a quarter mile ahead and he could reach it in a few minutes.
His shoulders look even more impressive from the front, and I want to send a gift basket to whoever made that shirt.
Really outstanding fucking sex.
An upbeat Beatles song danced through her head, and she whistled the tune, bobbing her head in time with the beat.
"Are you planning on getting off my lap anytime soon?"
He would have lost everything, his job, the bonus that he'd worked his ass off for, his reputation, and his chance to finally keep the promise that he'd made to his mother, and it was all because of the small woman that was clearly in denial about her assistant skills.
He began taking the figures down one by one, layering the box's packing material in between each fragile shape.
"Yeah, something new."
His scent, somewhat sweaty and all male, filled her nostrils.
"Better," he says, leaning in closer.
Mostly devoid of whitecaps, the water still looked menacing, and his stomach roiled at the sight.
"Guess you're in luck that we aren't riding, then."
"You remind me of someone I used to know."
Fuck me, I think I need him.
"Yeah, American History."
"I gave her the office next to this one, but apparently, it didn't work for her."
Those words, so easily given, are music to my ears.
"It could have waited," Devyn said, but they both knew that wasn't true.
He pushed deeper, lost.
But even then, I would get harassed.
"The email that sent the original digital file," Devyn said, watching Lucas's reaction as he read the email address written across the legal pad in red pen.
Digging further never feels right.
His eyes meet mine, and they're so sad, so lost, I take him into my arms and hold him.
"I'm about to find out," Devyn said, shoving his chair back as he got to his feet, deciding that it was time to finally get some answers.
She shivered as the wind resonated over the beach and chills raced up her arms.
Everything he wants to give me, I want it.
"You know, most people sit in the chair in front of the desk when they're taking notes," Devyn drawled, leaning back in his chair as he watched her.
Chase mumbled what sounded like a "you're welcome" and wiped his mouth with his napkin.
I'll do what you say."
John's step falters as he approached, his gaze darting from mine to the photos on the shelves.
Tears stung her eyes though she knew the locals would make a comeback.
"And your parents?"
When the little prick told him that he couldn't help him before hanging up on him, Devyn knew that they were in deep shit.
How bad could a storm be if you were spending it with the person you loved?
Did Chase's ancestors kill Amelia?"
"Murdered, Mari.
No one could understand the guilt he'd taken on that night.
Emerald Castle Hotels Executive Building
I don't think I'd make it through a telephone call without breaking down.
Inna stood, unmoving.
"There was pity in their eyes.
That's happened on a few occasions.
She also didn't like the idea of leaving her brother behind, not when he needed her so much.
"I don't know what I'm doing," Andi admitted with a glare.
John seems genuinely surprised.
Things couldn't have lined up more perfectly if she'd planned them out herself.
Threatening to drown him.
"You're going to be the death of me, I think," he says, his voice warm with affection.
Kelly was proof he was not fit for a relationship.
But the parlor has high ceilings, which gives it the impression of space and makes the collection seem eclectic rather than haphazard.
He's being uncharacteristically stoic about his love life, something Dyer never is.
"What's so funny?"
I hope the electricity comes back on soon.
"I had a plan, Andi.
"Where do you want to start, love? Tell me."
I can dive in."
I go on with my life.
If someone had told her that was how her day was going to play out, she would've called them crazy.
This was fucking killing him.
I think about the times I've caught John watching me, his expression inscrutable but warm.
"Not like you have a choice."
I was going to wait until he was in the ocean, but he never swims anymore.
That hasn't changed.
Images raced through her mind as her daydreams took over.
He unclasped her bra, letting the straps fall from her shoulders onto her arms, then slid his thumbs around the fabric and tugged the bra the rest of the way off.
Not like he wanted to stay, but no point in upsetting her with all the details of being stranded.
He motioned her into the next room through a shortened doorway.
I try hard to keep the abject need for his mouth on me out of my voice.
"Try to climb on this side."
His body cursed his choice, but his mind knew it was what he had to do.
"Not this time," Devyn assured her as he stood up and gestured towards the door.
After the accident?
"Anything over an hour is a road trip and requires you to buy junk food like you're an unsupervised ten-year-old with a hundred dollars," Andi pointed out with a solemn nod as she selected a candy bar before she shifted her attention to the notebook that she'd been working on for the past two weeks.
"I don't wanna come like that," he pants, grinning.
"That's not enough?" Thomas asked, gesturing to the papers that had him wondering why the asshole was suddenly getting messy.
"I'm not going to be able to help you without those files."
"Okay, so no one knows that we know that there's money missing, right?" Andi said, shifting to get more comfortable on his desk.
She looked at Chase, aware that she probably had the look of death on her face.
Dyer's talons tighten on my arm.
What did she see in the massive dark waves?
He started removing the suction cups and setting them in a neat little row on top of the sun catchers.
He keeps one arm and one leg draped over me, pinning me beneath him.
Stronger winds lay on the back side of the eye wall.
And he thought he'd found the king jellyfish because it looked like it had a white crown.
It takes a few seconds for me to realize it's my own heart I'm hearing.
"The doctor told you to take it easy," he said, watching as she moved to roll onto her back only to rethink that decision and turn onto her side, where she continued to pout.
Andi thought as she squeezed her eyes shut only to open them and find herself looking into Devyn's determined eyes as he pulled her goggles off her head along with the snorkel before he cupped her face and covered her mouth with his.
Too bad the betrothal had been agreed upon when she and Inna were childrenbefore he revealed his true nature.
She started laughing, but he captured her mouth with his kiss.
She felt like the lone survivor of Armageddon, alone with Chase and ready to populate the world.
"Oh, I'm sorry to hear that.
"And I'm the first guy he's dated."
On our first date.
That meant there was an "it."
"I'm well aware of that," she said, deciding that she'd waited long enough.
"I've known that for years," Drew said with a satisfied sigh as he helped himself to the sandwich with extra bacon that she'd barely touched.
"Did you lie about anything else besides your hobbies?"
He makes me feel too much.
Yeah, he'd assumed she'd stay, but hearing her say it, well, it did make him feel a little better.
Garrett's lips are on my neck, hot and greedy.
"Who the fuck's fault is it, then?"
He scooted the pitcher into line with the others, pausing to make sure the line was straight and intentionally avoiding looking at her.
"That free bacon in the employee cafeteria would boost morale?" Andi asked, licking her lips as he slid his hands over her back.
"Brilliant powers of deduction there, Watson."
"There is that, but we could also discuss the hooker that was practically in tears as she fled from your office," Andi said, blinking at him.
"Always," Garrett murmurs.
She'd often wondered who the painted man was, and why he was in such a distinguished spot in Chase's bar.
He leans his head against the doorframe, just next to my shoulder.
"The funds were transferred to several Carta Hotels properties into dormant accounts.
It's perfect for you."
I'd say we should head to the bar, but I don't want him following us there.
Out of his life.
Shivers streaked through her.
He patted her knees, and she drew them up to give him a little more room on the couch.
She looked back again, and Chase slowed to turn and look too.
"I can see why he quit," Devyn murmured as he placed the letter on the desk, absently adding more forgery to the growing list of offenses.
"The one that owns the building you live in.
With the pier gone, it would take a fortune to rebuild the area.
Not when this was where she belonged.
I ignore the twinge of disappointment at that last thought.
She pouts and it's so pretty.
You'll realize we are meant to be together."
"Sounds like the storm is picking back up."
"Because the opportunity presented itself," she said, watching as pale green eyes narrowed on her as he considered her.
He didn't realize it, but he was exactly rightit had all started with Christopher.
"I don't always do the man-bun thing," he says as if he's reading my mind.
He wants to be friends.
He didn't want to hurt another person.
"Like I said, we'd have lunch and also breakfast sometimes.
Both of my hands are in his hair now, and I press my nose into it.
"I grew up around here," Devyn said, sighing heavily as he glanced at the driver to find him struggling not to laugh.
Forcing himself to let her go and climb out of that bed had been one of the hardest things he'd ever done, but he had a job to do.
The voice is rich and warm and sends an erratic spike of adrenaline into my bloodstream.
Dyer gives me a look like I'm full of shit.
John laces our fingers together, and I'm struck anew by how comfortable he seems to be with me.
"That's the thing, I have no idea.
Wicked Legends
He'd be free to be with her, but unfortunately, that wasn't the plan.
"Frankie, you're all I've thought about for months."
"They started testing transfers before Mr. MacGregor was hired.
She whistled quietly as she stepped over a wet piece of wood and out where she could survey the roof.
And so, you...you..."
A gull screeched overhead as it made a beeline away from the shore.
She smiled and lay back, her hair spilling around her head in waves.
The bar railing shuddered in the gusty wind, and her hair whipped around her head, slapping against her arms.
Well, she could think of more.
John moves away from the gaggle of glamazons and heads in toward the kitchen.
He had become good at being a jerk.
The phones are sort of quiet tonight, and I'm feeling a little uninspired.
"And I'm guessing this birdy is Gayle?"
There wasn't an ocean within a day's drive in any direction.
The moment was as fragile and nebulous as tiny coral.
Nothing like a bit of self-flagellation on a Saturday night.
It's hard not to laugh as John climbs into the passenger seat of my Gremlin.
But right now, he needed to let her get some rest.
I didn't know if I was allowed.
He shrugged, his tightening muscles protesting the movement.
She stared, taking in his choppy hair, and his soft yet rugged face.
They were almost to the park, and there, they'd have distractions from the kisses and closeness.
When he was younger, the Ferris wheel had represented freedom and independence from earth and parents and childhood's troubles.
He set off toward the dunes and she watched him walk away, the bar alight in dusky morning.
He stood and paced, trying not to bark at her.
They needed each other.
I worked my ass off, took every class that I could, applied for every scholarship that I could find, and picked up shifts washing dishes, mopping floors, and scrubbing toilets, any job that I could get my hands on so that I could pay for college.
I assure you; he'll be gone one way or another."
I'll be on the couch in the bar.
"It's a date, then," he says, softly.
Things had gone down the rabbit hole, or under the deep blue sea, for sure.
You wouldn't want to be on a ferry that was at risk for capsizing, right?
The second transfer had been for the same amount two weeks later and had been transferred to a Carta Hotels' bank account that had been scheduled to close in less than a month.
Dyer smiles when he sees me mischief in his eyes.
"We'll get through this night together.
Mostly, they complain about Philly.
I am useless.
We can outrun themmy ship is quick."
"Are you going to tell me why you're always so serious?" Andi asked instead as she pushed the insanely soft comforter down and climbed onto the incredibly comfortable bed and settled back against the pillows with another satisfied sigh, wishing that she could justify the cost of a suite like this.
He rests his hands on my hips, one thumb slipping under the hem of my shirt to stroke my bare skin.
She has a bit of a romance novel addiction as well as a major hot chocolate addiction and on a perfect day, she combines the two.
She's old-fashionedthinking we need men in our lives to be complete."
John must like that reaction because I'm suddenly on my back next to him.
As soon as they were back in the car, they were ripping boxes open, plugging in chargers, and moving their asses.
Well, it doesn't bloody well matter what I thought, now does it?
"The hotels are all closed, Mom."
She couldn't ask him about it casually because she kind of understood about ink.
Without it, he's fucked."
Was that possible?
"I believe that was finished a little over two weeks ago and sent to Mr. Jamerson," came the answer that gave him the wake-up call that he needed.
"What?" Nicki's eyes are about to pop out of her head.
A Humble Heart
Then, her thighs clenched, and she groaned, throwing her head back and gasping for air.
The memory of her wet mouth around him on the Ferris wheel made him harden again.
"And they have limited resources, they couldn't afford Lexi's treatments, even with the insurance.
She hoped the question didn't spur a cautious streak in him.
Not much in her bedroom but clothing and household stuff, and it would all dry out.
You should probably look into that," Andi said as she stepped away and gestured to the bodywash.
If not, she'd have to learn to accept it.
"Really?" Andi asked, immediately perking up at the mention of snow, her disappointment momentarily forgotten at the promise of finally seeing snow.
When he kissed her collarbone, she released her hair as tiny shocks spread from where his lips met her bare skin.
Very shabby chic, the girls tell me.
"Looks like it survived.
She didn't move, only snored a little more heavily.
Things looked okay with her shop.
"I'm sorry, Andi," Devyn murmured softly as he watched his fingers move over hers.
"We need to go," Andi said, shoving her pajamas in the bag and grabbed a change of clothes.
But you're mine."
"I'll call you tomorrow if I have phone service.
Mari stood at the window, looking out at the sea, her figure silhouetted by the light coming through the window.
"What brings you by today?" I ask before I say something truly moronic like would you like to come back to my place and listen to my collection?
It was like a little family secret, and he'd been in such a rush to get her shorts off he hadn't asked her about it.
"I wanted to apologize," John starts as soon as I close the balcony door behind us.
"This is not a good idea," he whispered.
"We'll fix that."
Bonkers, I know, but it had.
I notice he's packing up too.
"You're Amelia's descendant.
"So," he begins loudly.
"Yes, as much as I can."
You seem pretty tired."
Always that.
And I don't bloody care.
"Trying to save your ass," Lucas said, looking more serious than he'd ever seen him before.
Inna smiled.
I nod, mute and needing to pinch myself, though I never want to awaken from this dream.
Inna would kill them and leave their bodies to rot in the fun house.
If the property was damaged, the buyers wouldn't have to follow through and he'd be stuck until he could rebuild and sell.
Maybe they thought she was being held against her will.
Once she had everything the way that she wanted, she settled back against the headboard with a satisfied sigh, opened up the file that she'd been working on and found the page where she left off and-
"You're a monster."
"What I don't know is why a man who's worked for Carta Hotels for over twenty years suddenly quit last night."
For the past month, he'd forced himself to focus on work, the reminder of just how close he came to losing everything pushing him to make sure that he didn't leave anything to chance.
"I'm hyper-aware that I'm your first... Like this."
A void of empty homes and shattered windows.
AUTHORITIES STRUGGLE TO BUILD CASE AGAINST ALLEGED SEX OFFENDER AS VICTIM PROTESTS CHARGES
Firm breasts peaked by rosy nipples, the soft curves of her hips, and the mass of wet curls between her legs
They transferred money to Roman Palms Hotel and failed five times, Andi thought, climbing out of the tub and hastily wrapped a towel around herself as she quickly made her way back into the room and-
"If we're going to the park, we need to go now while we can still see where we're walking.
What do you say when someone shares this kind of news?
I take a moment to compose myself.
"Enough to know that we'll be talking again," Nicholas said with one last curious glance in Andi's direction before he left, leaving Devyn to glare at the small woman that was giving him a hopeful smile.
I'd better do it while we have electricity to cook.
They were too painfultoo much a memorial to what he'd lost.
She wasn't going to stand here thinking about Devyn or how much she liked being around him, or the fact that the big jerk-face ditched her after she offered to share her hot cocoa with extra mini snowman marshmallows.
I manage a shrug and return to my task.
Holding her in his arms was the only thing that got him through this and if he hadn't been too fucking tired to do anything more than hold her, he would have found a better way to end the night.
She's left me a playlist I can live with and given me ten slots to do with as I please.
"How old were you when a girl first touched you?"
The oyster shell."
"Eighty-five," I say, surprised by the ten year difference between us.
My voice is a little tremulous, but I can't help it.
Things have been good between us.
"A little over six million dollars," Andi murmured as she continued scrolling through her notes.
No sign of anyone.
"That sounds like there's a story there," he murmured absently, looking lost in thought.
Neither of us makes a move.
He'd never control her.
"But I refuse to think about it too long."
"I don't know how, but I do know it means we're destined to be together.
Swimming all the time was one thing she missed about living at home.
I try to keep the disappointment out of my face and my voice.
We've had a million arguments, but never this one.
He set the candle on the table in front of them.
Funny, Chase had said the same thing about people not being replaceable.
I don't want to hide in the restrooms."
"Do you ever sleep?"
Yes, I could automate this procedure.
"School's out Monday and Tuesday, and I don't have any jobs lined up.
Was he selling the place because he wanted to move, or simply because it reminded him of Luke?
She wanted him all, every bit of him, in her mouth, and she moaned as she pulled him deeper.
"Oh, that's...that's awkward," Andi murmured, rubbing the bridge of her nose to hide her wince as Devyn sent her an, "I told you so" look.
The same beach music CD had played over and over all evening and she was ready to strangle the ukulele player.
There was a heavy pause, and then Andi heard the angry sounds of stiletto heels hitting the rug, followed by the office door slamming shut.
Not that she wanted anything to be wrong with this deal, but she'd actually enjoyed working with Devyn over the past week.
"That really clears it up.
"And if he was here right now?"
"Really, my attempts to murder the guitar are well-documented.
"I'm not sure I could get back up if I came all the way down there.
The lobby is shabby, two-star hotel shabby, with drab vertical blinds that hang in dull windows.
You really could, but then, you'd still need someone to read the files for you," Andi said, giving him no other choice but to give in to the little bully's demands.
"Affected," he replies after a beat.
You say that now?
I really hate that he still has any effect on me.
God, he could sleep for a fucking week, Devyn thought only to find himself really looking forward to a nice hot shower as he watched Andi pull her blouse off with a satisfied sigh and drop it on the floor as she headed into the bathroom.
I realize I'm trying to manage my expectations here.
Dyer's very open about his sexuality.
He didn't care how weird I was, he just...got me," Andi said, not sure how else to explain it.
It's a small park in a part of downtown Philly that bustles with commerce during the day but is eerily quiet at night.
More skin," John narrates like this is a bloody documentary.
Simon Barnes, on-air for the afternoon shift every weekday, prides himself on bringing new music to his listeners.
It's like he can't stand the thought of losing contact with me, and I feel the same.
He eases his grip on me, which had been tighter than I realized.
There's enough stress with the hurricane outside.
A distraction.
"Until I can implement them, you'll have sentinels watching over you and your home.
She looked at him, then back at the pearl necklace, her breathing catching in her throat like a wad of sea sponge.
It felt like her frightened heart had expanded and she couldn't breathe.
The door rattled and shook, and he swung the light to look.
Things didn't add up.
Dyer's eyes go wide as plates.
Sounds like they need you."
The move is so unexpected, I nearly drop my glass.
I always take great pleasure in watching John eat.
Senator, Mine
I love everything on the menu."
I've had my eye on the short ribs ever since Dyer suggested this place.
He didn't want to talk about the portrait of his ancestor.
It would still end the same way, but it would take a little longer than he'd expected.
And you're still at the bar."
I'll kill himchop off every tentacle and feed him to the sharks.
"Would it help if I told you that I was able to more than meet the conditions of my contract and that they are going to honor the raise, stock options, and everything that will set us up nicely for quite some time?" he asked, smiling as he leaned in to kiss her again.
Mari's stomach lurched and she steadied herself against the glass case, staring at the mess on the counter.
"And tornadoes."
He looks like he has a delicious secret on the tip of his tongue, and his warm, bourbon-colored eyes almost invite you to discover it.
Monsters of Paris series (coming soon)
He'd always taken up for the underdog.
I can feel the heat of his palms through the fabric and grind down on him.
If you can love him despite it because – baby - no matter what you say, you are stupid in love with that man."
They must be fifteen feet or more.
And, as soon as he possibly could, he had to be off the island for good.
"Let's not borrow trouble," he says before pressing a tender kiss to my lips.
Clutching the railing, she tilted her head back until her vision was filled only with stars and moon and darkness and her hair tickled the backs of her legs.
But we were never close."
You're going against your heritage, merman."
I rest atop him, his heart pound against my chest and my own answering in kind.
How he came back and we fell into a weird are-we-or-aren't-we-dating situation.
"Which is why I'm going to miss you," Andi said with a heartfelt sigh as she left the room that would haunt her for years to come.
We're silent as I queue up the next song.
I brace my hands on the wall, away from the water, and stick my ass out for him.
Now it's Thursday, and I'm tired of the silent treatment.
"You have to trust your instincts.
The idea that Garrett's been waiting for me is too tempting.
I scoff and take another sip from the beer, which is delicious.
He introduced me to Ms. Taylor and Lexi a few weeks after we got back together, and I understood after only a few hours with them.
They just needed to be really fucking careful.
An eerie silence filled the bar in her wake, and everything seemed darker with her gone.
"Because I was told by our CEO that the matter was being handled," Lucas said as he handed the file to his godfather.
He'd worry about the missing files later.
"It's really not that bad," Devyn said, even though he'd be lying if he said that he'd missed the cold, miserable New England winters over the past five years.
I'm not taking any risks.
The bar was barely visible over the hills of sand and dune grass, though from the deck you could see most of the beach.
John's chest is broad, just bloody inviting me to trace my tongue along its dips and curves.
Good lord, the man can work a pair of jeans.
When I checked my phone this morning, it didn't look that big.
I only know that he's hurting and needs someone.
"I'll hold you while you sleep."
Inna let Chase drop to the ground.
It doesn't have to be factual.
He preferred the sea-worn, old-school look of the 1950s.
"Well, let's pretend we're at the World's Fair," she continued.
With a wink, he released her hand as he toed off his shoes and pulled off his jacket, tossing it on the back of the couch that he'd pushed out of the way before pulling off his shirt and tie.
He'd not opened up to anyone like he was beginning to with Mari, not even his therapist.
Dizziness from his onslaught overtook her and she relaxed in his grip, letting his kisses along her throat send trails of heat down her body.
"Good place for it.
She could never follow him to Kansas, because mermaids had to stay near the ocean, or they'd die.
"You people-watch?"
The cold rain beat down with plunk-plunks on the decking, like a drumbeat.
Only Kansas might.
He knows me.
She'll confirm it."
Why did it have to be so cold out?
The necklace was meant to be worn by her, like an extension of her being.
"Mr. MacGregor?
It's hypnotizing.
He couldn't fucking believe it, Devyn thought as he forced himself to step into the shower before he did something incredibly fucking stupid like hunt the bastard down and kill him.
Of course, Garrett might have a differing opinion.
Why would anyone stay on the island during a storm?
And is that....disappointment on his face?
"Come on, give me more than that," I prod, giving him a smile.
"It just wasn't meant to be," Andi mumbled sadly as she stood there with the comforter that she'd taken off her bed wrapped tightly around her as she stared out the floor-to-ceiling window and thought about everything that could have been.
He was clearly delaying for dramatic effect.
The water slapped against the pylons, adding to the din.
I think I've braced myself to see him, but when I open the door, all the blood in my veins begins to fizzle.
I join him at the railing.
Burton Construction has been in business for three years, has an A-plus rating with the Better Business Bureau, and seems to be doing well.
"So, this is, like, the delayed morning after."
Well worth the risk of censure.
He rocked her and buried his nose in her hair, holding her so close she became part of him.
Thoughts of sex with Chase would have to wait.
Telling herself that she was wrong, Andi grabbed her iPad out of her bag, pulled up the files that Lucas's team sent last week and started comparing them.
I want to ask what it was that had broken him down that night, but I don't.
For a moment, Andi sat there feeling his heart beating against her hand as she stared into his eyes, wondering if he had any idea how much she wanted this.
She wanted to be in that meeting.
Realized that she wasn't alone.
"What are my chances?"
"Naturally."
His fear slid away as he moved to comfort her.
"Let's go have some fun."
And the doors and windows are locked, so he isn't getting in without force."
I can't rub two neurons together to form a coherent thought.
"You can't leave all this stuff on the window during a hurricane.
"Maybe I'll tag along next time," he says, giving me a small smile.
It's an easy setup making people believe that I had something to do with this.
"I'm protecting you."
It appeared that the bar had been spared the fate of many other buildings.
"You can tell whoever sent you that I'm not interested," Devyn told the woman quickly making her way to the elevator as though the hounds of hell were on her heels as his gaze locked on Andi.
By the second paragraph, she'd settled on the floor and pulled the box closer, and by the time she came to the first spreadsheet, she felt sick to her stomach.
"Drew's wondering the same thing," Devyn said, glancing up as she did her best to bite back a wince.
She still had to finish the list that he gave her last week on top of the list that he'd sent her this morning.
But, when Inna said it, it sounded territorial and controlling, not concerned.
His big fucking dick?"
Chase straightened the last suction cup in the box.
"Fuck," he mutters, dropping my hand and searching my eyes.
He wanted to run from the memories.
John Burton.
I don't know what to say to him.
In one word."
He was lost at sea.
"I grab a few minutes here and there."
I can protect us there."
"You aren't leading me anywhere I don't want to be already."
Maybe the vibrations from the wind?
We wouldn't have many customers anyway."
His cock is so thick and covered in a map of veins I hope to memorize with my tongue.
Pretend he loved her the way she loved him.
Luke smiled big; his eyes filled with the promise of realized dreams.
Mr. Dalton ain't done nothing wrong.
Twenty Years Later...
It didn't add up, though he'd lost Luke to the ocean.
It only moved because the water moved it.
"I don't dive anymore.
Reason be damned, he wanted to kiss her.
He stumbled into the dim room and pulled her in after him.
"You mean she'll have to deal with you trying to prove your independence again.
The wind hit the bar over and over, gust after gust, with little time in between.
"But the eye of a hurricane is beautiful."
He could just as easily have sent one of the other lads over to do the work.
That sinful smile slides back across his face.
"I'll check the news."
He braces himself over me, the muscles of his arms bunching.
The man was more of a beast than she'd imagined.
Her arms ached from the heavy drill and her hands shook as she stretched over Chase's shoulder to the screw hole.
His bed would be a lot more accommodating for what she had planned.
When Travis gestured for her to follow him, she didn't hesitate.
"I am not harmless," I say because I have to say something.
He had her attention and he knew it.
"No," Andi said, watching him as she took his hand in both of hers and began toying with his fingers.
I'd rather he not know where we live."
It seems to have been taken at least a decade ago.
If you wanted to leave, it isn't going to happen.
He'd never have control over her, no matter what her mother said, and she would kill him before he ever kissed her again.
He and Mari had a lot in common, that was for sure.
Though he hadn't thought she was his soul mate, he still felt like crap that he'd been cold and inaccessible to her.
He was a natural protector.
The oil painting definitely added atmosphere to the place.
"My loss," Nicholas said with a good-natured smile as he shifted his attention to Devyn.
"I believe he's busy at the moment," Ben drawled, already returning to whatever he was doing as Andi turned around, feeling numb as she headed back towards the elevators only to remember the folders in Devyn's office that she needed and kept going, absolutely refusing to knock on Devyn's office door right now.
The station was inland some ways, but the whole coastline was being pummeled by the tentacles of the massive storm.
"I might be able to salvage some things if there's flooding.
He felt incredible, better than anything she'd ever felt before.
Slowly exhaling, Andi said, "Okay," forcing a smile as she pulled her goggles down and followed Travis into the cove, determined to stop thinking about Devyn and how much she liked the way that he-
A large oil painting hung on the wall behind the bar, its dusty gilded frame offsetting the darker picture it held.
If he was her tribe, she wanted to know where he lived, because there were certainly no men resembling him around the council land.
Yes, I am attracted to John Burton.
Half-a-million people or so."
With every touch, he promises to bring me to the pinnacle of pleasure, to lay claim to my body.
Being near him made her feel alive.
The day had gone from bad to great to worst ever.
"I don't have many friends, so it's nice to make a new one."
He met her gaze, and there was no mistaking the hunger in his eyes.
Afraid to blow your cover?"
He just...wondered why she was glaring up at him.
She just wanted to finally figure out what she was supposed to do with her life.
He shoved his pants off along with his boxers, pulled his socks off, and once he was naked, he was stepping into the shower and pulling Andi into his arms.
The rain lessened and Inna looked up to the cloudy sky.
On some of the livelier tunes, he sometimes does a little jig.
"No, I can't talk to birds," Mari ran her hand through Chase's hair.
She smiled, the slanting sunlight glinting in her eyes.
Tourism would suffer.
Luke's voice echoed in his heart: "Be happy, brother."
I won't say it's lust at first sight, but there is something alluring about the man.
No one on the sand but a couple of lone gulls fluttering to keep afloat in the stiff breeze.
"Better acquainting myself with how the other half lives," Andi said, nodding solemnly as she stood in the hallway, hugging the stack of files that they gave Devyn when they checked in against her chest as she blinked up at the large man looking at her curiously.
"Well, why was he hell-bent on catching us?"
"I used my key," Andi said, shifting her attention back to the article about Hillshire Hotels.
She smooths her graying hair back from her face, recovering from my onslaught of Scottish charm.
The pink shells hanging on the glass door rattled, and a long shadow fell across the colorful floor as the door swung open.
"Go ahead, take it out of the box.
She never thought anything could feel this good, but with every brush of Devyn's lips over her throat, she struggled not to moan.
Him, especially.
Chase was still asleep on the bar couch.
That was funny.
There's a layer of depth to his voice I haven't heard before.
"Thankfully, I managed to build some relationships with several executives over the past two years.
Look what I found."
No, he couldn't think that way.
God, she was fucking adorable, Devyn thought as he sat there, thinking about a different future, one that he'd never thought he would want, only to frown as he found himself watching as the last person that he'd expected to see here sit down across from him.
"John, you don't have to."
John smiles, probably the first one I've seen from him all week.
Set in filigree and hand-hammered gold, the pearl bent rainbows over its imperfect shape.
I keep it on for John when he's here, with the sound muted.
"That's not really an option," Devyn said as the couple in front of them made their way to the sled.
Granted, we weren't much to each other back then, but it had still hurt.
What's up with the bar?"
"What you see is what you get.
Every month, he was expected to show up, answer questions, and listen as they wasted his time with more bullshit when he should be making sure that nothing fell through the cracks, but he needed to play by their rules if he wanted to keep his job.
"I'm closing the curtains too.
No possible explanation.
Hold me and kiss me until you can't feel your lips, then make love to me until your muscles beg for sleep..."
"I'll let her know," the clerk said, sighing heavily as she pulled her phone back out and dropped down in a chair while Devyn stood there, looking angry enough to give her hope and-
Changing form had become a little more difficult since she didn't swim every day, but it wasn't painful.
I walk to the bedroom to get dressed.
The man clearly knew Mari, and she was clearly afraid of him.
Have I pressured him?
"And you don't find that odd that the CEO of one of the largest hotel chains in the world didn't receive a single phone call all day?" Drew asked with a pitying look.
This job, the contract, the bonuses, none of that fucking mattered without her.
"If you care about me at all, you won't do this," Andi said, watching as Drew grabbed the jump bag that she was unfortunately very familiar with and started to make his way towards the car.
It's the closing shot of a rom-com.
It's adorable.
"I'm not going to last long," I warn him.
"Take these off," she ordered, eyes half-closed.
"Peanut butter sandwiches."
Of course, she wasn't married yet.
If so, I hate him for it.
Definitely no gloves.
Maybe she should let him go, for his own good.
A glass fell from one of the bar shelves and shattered on the floor.
Well, that and pirates and coffee.
He took her hand and led her to the bar door.
Their lease is up in eight months, two weeks, and four days, but who's counting?
She ran through the details of the story in her mind.
She was near, and he imagined he could feel the heat of her body radiating toward him.
Unless you want to stay here with your fiancé."
Knowing that she wouldn't stop bugging him until he gave in to the little bully's demands, Devyn sat down only to grunt when the little pain in the ass crawled between his legs, pulled his arms around her, and gestured for him to get on with it.
But it's a chance I'm willing to takeI won't marry him and spend my life in misery."
Garrett ignores the question.
And even though it will never be more than friendship between us...
"We could have died!"
Expect dangerous winds and heavy damage along the coastline and flooding of low-lying areas.
Darkness lay everywhere except in the blue-white swath of moonlight that cut across the waves and onto the beach.
Did he steal your toys?"
She closed her hand over the pendant and took a long, slow breath as hints of ocean washed over her consciousness.
The moment, the breeze, the warm sun...
I swallow my frustration, close my eyes and will away the bitterness.
The wattage in his smile doubles, and he keeps his eyes in mine as he crosses the room.
She closed her eyes and allowed the ocean to cradle her, letting the water wash over and under her body.
A radar image of the coast and the approaching storm filled the screen.
The more I talk, the more I remember the resentment I felt towards Garrett, especially at the end.
Saint Devyn...
Her T-shirt stuck to her like pink skin and her eyes were puffy and red.
I don't trust him.
The sky over the ocean was the bluest blue imaginable, deep and light at the same time and almost glowing from the fresh charge in the air.
Keeping hold of her towel, she climbed onto the bed and shoved the comforter off, leaning over and ran her hand frantically over the sheet looking for the comforting shape of her iPad and-
"But I don't think we should start with that."
"Money don't grow on trees."
Handsome, dark-skinned men with strong accents and muscled limbs hefted her wooden trunk, filled with the only material possessions she had left, and carried it across the sandy beach to the tree line where a horse-drawn wagon waited.
"Got a blanket," he said between kisses, nodding toward the coffee table.
"God, I love that album."
When she began softly humming to herself, he couldn't help but smile as he grabbed the teddy bear out of the bag and placed it on her lap.
Water and sunshine and laughter and Luke.
I missed it at first, but once I knew what to look for, it became easier to spot," Andi explained with a helpless shrug.
Maybe this was a bad idea, Andi absently thought as movement from her right had her glancing back and-
He's serious.
"You said I need to get tested," Johnny says, drawing me out of my pleasurable haze.
She really didn't want to have to start over again, but she knew that she might not have a choice after today.
His cock tightened, threatening.
I don't wave to John.
They'd been working on this deal for the past year, figuring out which Hillshire Hotels were worth buying and what they could do to fix them.
Inna couldn't get in unless he broke in.
No way they were sleeping in his bed, much less together.
He couldn't stop thinking about her.
Or I will kill you now."
"I missed the way that you make me lose control," Devyn whispered in her ear, making her tremble as he traced her slit with his fingertips.
He had to help out, no matter if he was asked to or not.
Dyer tsks and grabs another chip from my plate.
The despair in John's voice makes my stomach turn sour.
He's still dressed.
Crackers, bread..."
He has a quintessential DJ sound, polished, friendly, and a little manic.
She should have expected it.
I can feel my greedy, little pucker loosen with anticipation.
She hopped onto the first platform's checkerboard top, then the next platform, its psychedelic swirls dizzying in the half light.
For whatever reason, he doesn't ask me to explain any further, and I don't offer any more information.
"Why sell the bar?
He could spare a couple hours, but he didn't want to with all the work left to do.
"Oh yes, once Amelia and Christopher met, they were inseparable.
When she'd touched the tattoo, it had seemed to move, vibrate on its own.
"She's commandeered my office."
First, they'd enlist as navy divers and train hard.
My cock answers, throbbing with anticipation.
Where had Inna gone?
"Does he have any friends?
She yawned again and stretched her arms over the couch side.
It wouldn't be a bad place to start, she decided with a firm nod as she tossed her iPad on the bed, grabbed the files, and-
Hard and fast and deep.
"If that's what you want," he said.
Everywhere he looked, reminders filled his vision.
"But I love the ocean.
She moaned his name as pleasure tore through her body.
Though thunderstorms weren't common in hurricanes, they did sometimes form, especially in a strengthening storm.
In fact, I'll give you the name of my real estate agent.
You have to figure out what's really bothering you, he said."
I squeeze the head of my dick to relieve a little of my need.
The bar was a prime location for having a beer and watching the almost 360-degree view of the water and the little shrimp boats that swept out across the skyline daily.
I'm not...good with people."
"Understandable," she said, clearing her throat as she shifted, opened her mouth to say something, thought better of it, closed it, and then saw the look on his face and mumbled, "I should probably go back to work," as she stood up, cleared her throat and then with a nod to herself, headed back to their suite.
My body begins to soften, readying itself to welcome him inside.
He's looking at me like he's never seen me before, like I'm something he's just discovered.
He tenses but relaxes as I stroke over his taint.
Aside from that, Chase hadn't gotten a good glimpse into her past.
"I love what you've done with it."
"One," he said, giving her a chaste peck on the cheek.
He tracked the curves of her body as she swayed in the warm candlelight.
"I was wondering when you'd get around to asking me that."
"Why do you ask?" the woman absently asked, shifting her attention to the stack of folders in her arms.
DSD (with Lia Davis):
That's all he needed, Devyn told himself as he struggled not to fucking lose it, but God, he was so fucking close to-
"An old necklace. With a gorgeous pearl set in elaborate filigree."
With all the windows in the bar shuttered, he couldn't see how hard it was raining or if it was already completely dark outside.
He smiles, laugh-lines crinkling.
Letting it pass him by was not an option.
"I won't be able to do this without you," Devyn pointed out as he reached over and grabbed hold of one small ankle as his gaze landed on the baby pink cotton panties and white tee-shirt that she'd pulled on this morning after their shower.
I should probably invite him, but I don't.
Island won't be the same with both you and Luke gone.
He could learn to live with the water again in time.
Throngs of tourists standing in line to ride the big wheel, and the faint smell of oil and rust and salt and sweat in the thick air.
He'd eventually learn to live with the pain of his brother's death, and she'd hold him on nights when he couldn't.
I pull into the pockmarked lot outside the 91.9 WKMP studios and kill the engine of my 1978 AMC Gremlin.
"And I'm getting a fucking migraine.
She'd spent the last two days with Devyn, unable to get enough of him, and now, she had no idea where he was, Andi realized as she turned her head and found a folded piece of paper on the pillow next to her.
"That phone number," Lucas said, pointing at the contract, "sent text messages to a throwaway phone every half hour, checking in.
He tried to make eye contact, but she looked over his shoulder.
The thought warms me.
Would she want to try too, or was he in for rejection?
Click here to search for John Burton.
A shadow crosses John's face, or at least I think it did.
He wouldn't miss them.
She'd keep her bargain with Inna and be his bride.
Drink another shot?
His sheets are soft, jersey cotton, and I stretch against them.
"You didn't even want to go to the park."
How could anyone...?
Christ, I don't even think she knew how much I loved her," Devyn said as he dropped his head back against the building.
"Oh..." Andi mumbled, unable to help but frown since that left her with more questions than answers.
"Substitute teacher."
I had no intention of riding out this storm here.
Maybe she could convince Chase to take her with him off the island to the hotel where he planned to wait out the storm.
"It's just how you are," John replies.
The savory cheese with a hint of spice twanged her taste buds.
I think I nod, I'm not sure.
Screw the world and all its problems.
"Well, he is very attractive."
He moved to lock the heavy front door from the inside.
Her eyes narrowed as he picked her back up and carefully placed her on the stack of dictionaries with a satisfied sigh.
"Yeah, Sampan.
Especially as much as he hated the water.
John's smile is my smile, the one I've only ever seen him give to me.
"It doesn't look like he's been able to access the audit files," Andi said, damn near sighing with relief before adding, "but that's not from a lack of trying.
Why hadn't he noticed it when she was wearing a bathing suit?
I'm finding it hard to speak, hard to breathe.
"You intrigue me."
That kid is so far removed from who I am now, it feels like I'm talking about someone else.
For that alone, he would give her another chance, Devyn thought as he carefully placed her on his desk before dropping down in his chair with a heavy sigh, beyond fucking exhausted.
He hisses, his eyes narrowing to slits.
Mari opened her mouth but said nothing.
"Business," Devyn finished flatly for him as he discreetly sent another text message, this one to Drew.
Me, I'm still as hard as granite.
He's a little late getting to the studio tonight.
https://www.subscribepage.com/kerryadrienne
The sea around her faded into quiet oblivion.
You always know what to say.
"At least this explains Boston."
She scanned the waves.
So many girls I know would murder him for them, I think to myself and smile.
It's a trick I learned on a banana in secondary school.
"This boy, my grandson, is standing up here telling you that nothing untoward happened between him and Michael John Dalton.
"I honestly can't imagine you living by someone else's rules, not if they didn't line up with your own."
He should stop.
Sculptor's Desire
Do platonic friends who occasionally kiss go on dates?
She'd refrained from whistling, though that had been difficult.
A gust of warm wind filled the air with salty smells, and he breathed it in deep.
Chase winced, trying not to recoil at the friendly gesture.
The booth is moody-yet-airy and still has that new car smell.
I'm flipping through the two crates of vinyl I'd scored at the fair and almost miss the question, utterly enamored with my findings.
"Roman Palms Hotel is one of Carta Hotels' top-earning hotels, which is kind of weird because it would have been the perfect hotel for our mystery VP to hit, but so far, there's been nothing.
She looked over her shoulder toward the rain-darkened dunes.
Shaking my head, I turn my mind back to work.
"It's just a few bumps and bruises, Miss Dawson.
"Saying you know a lot of songs is like saying the Pope knows a lot of Catholics.
"Then you should have known better than to come back," Andi said, making him chuckle as he was finally able to pull her free only to sigh when his phone vibrated in his pocket.
That sea creature...it was under your command."
"Look, I know we both said some things we didn't mean."
I'm being a particular brand of asshole tonight, and I'm not sure how I feel about that.
So far, tying him up and forcing him to stay was all she had.
I want to be here when the storm passes.
Contests, fun stuff, and news!
There's one with John and who I assume are his parents.
Then again, her inability to realize that someone was standing in front of her desk yelling at her had definitely been a cause for concern.
He also comes to the station when I'm on the air and just sits while I work the overnight shift.
"And?" Devyn asked, reaching over to press the call button before swiping to the next email.
"Oh, I forgot the most interesting part of the story," he interrupted.
If you'd like more information about this series or any other series by R.L. Mathewson, please visit www.Rlmathewson.com
An image of her and Chase's wedding, followed by the two of them rolling in a bed of flower petals, popped into her mind, the breeze pulling in scents of lavender and honeysuckle.
When I got to work tonight, I singled him out as I entered the booth.
In another time and place, she'd be exactly the kind of woman he'd want to date.
Then, he drove her home, where they continued working on the project until it was time to call it a night while she did her best to stop worrying about him.
He ducked into his room.
It looks like solidified baby vomit."
I've been left to wonder, and worry, and eventually resent him for making me care in the first place.
The wedding would be the talk of the island community and they'd serve pimento cheese finger sandwiches at the reception.
His body had known what to do.
He looked back at the fiery bar, which was nothing more than a blazing shell now.
It's like you are giving up on everything."
"Hope you don't mind," he says, his hands shoved into the pockets of his low-slung jeans.
John inches closer, leaving no space between us, and we're pressed together from hip to thigh.
"He'll die with you watching."
If the necklace was real, things would changefor the good.
"I think I picked it up at Top Comfort Furniture," I say, trying to recall.
In a few days, he'd grown to feel comfortable with her in a way totally different than he'd ever felt with a woman.
He loved the way she moved on him, the way she moaned his name, struggled to catch her breath, and did everything she could not to lose control and scream his name.
The very thought of me being inside him, the idea of me teaching him this pleasure, makes me dizzy.
Her sacrifice.
"I-I really don't think that I can do this," Andi mumbled weakly as she let the stairwell door slam shut and turned around, nearly sighing with relief when she spotted Devyn standing behind her.
He had no idea how much trouble they were in.
If she stayed, he could at least pretend that he was protecting herthough he'd failed miserably at protecting those he cared for.
I don't have any scars.
"I know," Andi mumbled, making his lips twitch as he bandaged her back.
He'd earned his right to be a man-whore.
He tried not to smile.
"So, I decided to take a closer look at Carta Hotels in the meantime and see if there was anything that I could do with the files.
If he could concentrate on keeping her safe and secure, he could avoid his fears.
The water smacked against the shore, the waves louder as they rolled in with the stormy tide.
She whistled her favorite songSweet Georgia Brownand headed toward the remains of the pier.
"I love you too," she whispered.
"Oh yeah? While you were swimming?"
"If it helps, I can tell you that she's okay," Lucas said, sighing heavily as he tossed her phone on the coffee table between them, leaving the words, "For now," unspoken.
Christopher and Amelia evaded them for as long as they could, but eventually they realized it was pointless to runespecially on the ocean where all the merpeople were to begin with."
"That definitely helped," Devyn said, chuckling as he took another sip before placing the cup down on the ground next to him.
His lungs stung like he'd inhaled bits of fire and his mouth dried.
The sound is rich and decadent and, like always, goes straight to my dick.
Not that real pirates wore those.
His voice has gone soft and suddenly fresh tears spring to my eyes.
"Which is why I was the perfect choice for this setup, don't you think?"
God, she was so bad at this.
"We're riding it out, like it or not.
Reaching out to strangle him, pull him under, into the darkness.
Holy fucking shit is right.
Make sure they don't play the Lumineers at my funeral.
Instagram: @kerryadrienne
No matter how good the moment, bad times were ahead.
Michelle and I had other issues.
He'd not ever let her go but spend the rest of his life discovering all her secrets.
The Wolf and the Butterfly
Even though he was leaving Mari behind.
From what I know of his company, he's built it from the ground up, turning it from a one-man operation into a business that employs twenty people.
How heartbroken I was when he left town without so much as a see-ya-later.
Dyer nods with approval.
Frowning, she picked it up and opened it, noting the familiar handwriting as she read the words, "Stay out of trouble."
"It's roomier and more comfortable.
John's smile is slow, sweet, and trembles at the edges.
I can try to do it though it scares me.
She just wanted to have some idea of what she was supposed to be doing.
Being in his arms was almost worth having to deal with the storm, but not quite.
He could be descended from merpeople.
The bass line kicks arse.
"What about the bank records?
If I didn't know him well, I would think him aloof.
"Yeah, but I need to make a closer examination, please.
He's scanning the records on the wall, occasionally taking one down for closer inspection.
Amelia took Christopher's hand, then lifted her skirts and stepped out of the small wooden sloop onto the thick sand of Somer's Island.
He likely wouldn't accept anyway, and then how stupid would I look?
Devyn read through the email several times, noting the time and date before shifting his attention to the sender's email.
No regrets.
On the lips, mind you.
Remnants of the island's buildings lay scattered along the beach in both directions.
He also looks a little skeptical.
Maybe that's her kink.
I'm ready, I whisper to the universe.
Tomorrow will be perfect."
They needed those files.
The transfers immediately stopped when the Hillshire Hotels project was terminated."
His mouth found hers as he grabbed hold of the back of her thighs and picked her up as he climbed onto the bed.
The Mermaid and the Millionaire, Shells in the Sand, Once Upon an Ocean...
Now I can see him fully.
A man who told her that his great-great-something-grandmother was a mermaid, no less.
A brief gust of wind rattled the door, then quieted again.
Christmas from Hell
He wouldn't let Inna get within fifty feet of her again.
Now, he had no type.
Goosebumps explode across my entire body, every hair on end.
I could never put up with your music mania.
Put your dress on."
It was time to move on and get away from the memories that anchored him here.
Her breasts bounced free, and he took one, then the other into his mouth, grasping and kneading them.
Concern lit his voice.
It's a damned beautiful, autumn day, and I'm anxious to shake off the negative vibes and spend some time with my guy and my music.
I enjoy my drive to work much more this time of year than at any other.
He watched her as he tried to regulate his breathing.
It's been through a lot of storms.
"You agreed that it wasn't working."
His happy trail leads to places I can only dream of going.
He wouldn't forget what he saw, that was for sure.
John really digs the second song, Driven to Tears.
His hearing returned with the whooshing of the wind.
A talented novice, because every sweep of John's tongue against mine strips away a little more of my control.
"I don't need help.
She'd hung around, trying to further their relationship and make a start on her own life without her mother's oversight.
Then a little after eleven p.m., it sent a message letting the recipient know that you were on your way to the executive parking lot."
All I know is that it wasn't enough.
The colorful platforms would be moving and spinning if the electricity were on.
According to the latest Hurricane Hunters report, the pressure is dropping a little, so this storm may turn into a monster."
I want pancakes.
"We shouldn't."
Her pert little nose rose in defiance.
The bar has withstood a couple of those already."
It was the kind of low-life thing he would do.
"Currents are roughthe storm is blowing in.
He was risking everything by being with her when he was already on the verge of losing everything.
She finished attaching the screw but remained pressed to Chase's body, moving ever so slightly against him.
My dad was a general contractor.
They're never this easy."
An elderly couple is out walking their toy dog.
Her tail thrashed wildly inside, and she closed her eyes to force it to calm.
"Could be worse," he admitted as he considered her.
The waves lapped the shore, beckoning her to swim, and her legs buzzed in response, her tail begging to be set free.
"And then everything will be perfect."
Certainly not in all the years living with her family under the ocean.
It's a bad storm and you're right on the beach."
Other titles by R.L. Mathewson:
"I hate everything about it," she admitted, wondering if this was the part where he was going to give her no choice but to quit.
"Assistants answer the phone," Devyn pointed out.
I don't bother with glasses.
She swayed a little as she walked out toward the stairs over the dunes, her off-tune whistling of Sweet Georgia Brown receding with each step.
No point in putting it away, he'd need more of it soon.
"I can't believe you didn't hear the announcement," she continued.
Inna was in the mirrored room, and he'd be in the climbing area in moments, and then it wouldn't take long for him to search the mirror maze.
Images of the rescue, the thousands of bubbles, the dark water.
"You bastard," Andi bit out with the cutest fucking glare before she turned around with a sniffle, clearly dismissing him only to pause, turn right back around and, with a glare that was just too fucking adorable for words, grabbed the stack of files from him with a grumble and stormed off.
"Fire!" She pointed to the roof where flames crept along one side like a Mohawk on the roofline.
"Clouds coming already.
"It's your incredible thighs," I whisper into the hollow.
"Told you she wanted you home," Inna muttered.
It's pure instinct, my need to protect him.
"Just a call from Lexi's grandmother."
"I have a lease," she repeated, aware that her soft voice wasn't much more than a whisper.
Moving was the right thing to do.
I've been dying to do this for months, inhale him like this.
"Well, I don't know him personally."
Even now, when he's staring at my mouth like it's his last meal before a fast.
"Where did you go last night?
"I really don't," he replies, and I sit up to look at him.
His heartbeat quickened and heat shot to his groin as he watched her.
But it's more than the sex - which is phenomenal, I can't stress that enough – it's him.
"That's something at least," he said, absently caressing his thumb over her soft belly as he sat there, making a list of everyone who had the authority to authorize those transfers from the hotels and-
The warm air, its pressure pushing on her, charged her with excitement and promise.
"Are you a serial killer?"
Why aren't you close?"
Like he was coming back.
He lives in a cinderblock monstrosity off industrial route 202.
"What about them?" she asked, realizing that her first day might not have been so great after all.
He needed to call an emergency board meeting, but first, he needed proof and right now, the only thing they had was a huge fucking mess that had been sloppily aimed at Andi.
"Damn," he says, when the bass line kicks in and looks over at me.
God, she could really go for a bacon sandwich right about now, Andi thought as she shifted to get more comfortable on the unforgiving concrete walkway.
Not for weeks.
"I love Christmas!"
I'm going downstairs and I'll come right back.
Besides a few clumps of vegetation that had caught in the spokes, the Ferris wheel didn't appear to have suffered any structural damage in the storm.
I turn to the wall.
"I'm fine," I say, still stunned to hear his voice.
Sink or swim.
Images of pirate Chase and his billowy white shirt drifted into her mind.
"I culled some duplicates from the archive, thought I'd give ‘em to the library."
I think we'll both appreciate that."
Once he knew that she was safe, he headed back the way that he came, making sure that the front door locked behind him.
"Glad you got it handled, 'cause I wanna catch some waves before the storm rolls in."
Then again, her ex-employers would have been stupid to share that kind of information with them, especially if they were hoping to lure her back one day, which made him curious about something.
For several minutes, Devyn took his time running his hands over her back, her hips, and her thighs, making her head drop forward on a soft moan.
"I know, mad genius.
He smiles, and it's so full of tenderness my eyes begin to sting.
She gives me a knowing smile.
If I'm not here and the water rises, I'll lose it all."
Like, I'm not so alone."
Nothing in her life had ever prepared her for such meanness and cruelty.
No matter what he was doing or just how badly he wanted to keep pushing himself for more, the moment that he saw her crawl into bed, he was done.
Dyer's here, Gayle and her daughter, Simon and his latest conquest, Mario, and Kathy.
Right now, he needed to go over every detail in those files and make sure that this deal wasn't going to end up biting him in the ass.
She wanted to raise her arms and fall backward into him, knowing he'd catch her.
"This place isn't your home, nor will it ever be.
The silence on the deck was unnatural.
Fear, anger, panic, and happinessshowing her everything he was, everything he could and couldn't be.
Nice to have an interlude of not thinking about Inna.
She wiped her eyes then looked at him with a blank stare, her whole body trembling.
It didn't matter what had changed his mind, she was happy.
In fact, she ought to wear something more protective than flip-flops, but they were the only shoes she'd brought up from her apartment.
He'd broken her heart into a zillion pieces and walked away knowing she was crying.
I brush my lips against the corner of his mouth.
Or hay or something.
"He turned the corner where the swings are."
You could stay here if you wanted.
She'd like nothing more than to hold him on the island forever.
As suddenly as the noise and vibrations started, they receded.
She couldn't seem to focus on more than one thing at a time, never seemed to answer the phone in time, forgot to check his emails, became completely engrossed in whatever she was doing, and was completely oblivious to everything going on around her, and-
"You're easy to talk to."
Confidence.
It was perfect, Andi thought, unable to help but release a heartfelt sigh only to frown, mumble, "Damn it," and return to pouting when she remembered that she didn't bring any of the Hillshire Hotels files with her.
We're standing in the middle of the bridge, overlooking the Delaware River.
"Well, one day we decided to skip school and go fishing..."
Topic closed.
A loud moan tore through the room as he used his hold to move her hand over him until she took over.
A cluster of microphones is mounted in front like a murder of crows, waiting to capture her every word.
"Why don't you come work with me?
As soon as she was gone, Devyn pulled back his fist and-
One piece of plywood hung off her bedroom window.
Next to go is his t-shirt, and I move right along to the button on his jeans.
"Besides, you're the professional at leaving, not me.
"Like I said, I was in the area and heard you on the air.
What were you thinking when you bought it?"
"I walk here sometimes," he says, nearly whispering.
Someone throws a bottle at him as he's led down the steps and into a waiting SUV.
"Forgive me, and I'll forgive you, and we can get past this.
But right now, I'm gonna go get the glassware washed.
John's eyes go molten as I reach for his erection again, his hooded gaze flicking back and forth between my face and the hand I slide around his thick length.
Seems straightforward to me."
I just hope he hadn't been able to sense my need or seen the erection I'd popped that night when his lips brushed over my skin.
He didn't want to talk right now, and she could tell him later.
"If you'd told me all this a week ago, I'd never have believed you."
"Yes," I say against his hard, right pec, my fingers deftly opening his jeans and pushing them down.
Having rarely seen him outside WKMP's cramped studios, I'd begun to worry that he was a figment of my imagination.
"Show me," she whispered against his lips.
"And maybe you are a moth."
Swallowing the jealousy that wants to rear its ugly head, I queue up The Cave by Mumford & Sons and watch as the lyrics reach John's ears.
I slump against the wall and turn my attention back to John Burton.
Rage consumed her and she bit it back with every ounce of control she had.
John's eyes zero in on my erection, where it peeks out of the top of the elastic band, his expression that of a starving man.
It would be a miracle if she were able to sleep at all.
You've humiliated me, and you'll spend the rest of your life making it up to me."
"This is nice.
I was a pit stop for Garrett.
He was almost there.
"Right," I say brightly, pushing off the door.
"I didn't know you were a teacher."
Get back to the bar.
Finally, she released the cutest fucking sigh that he'd ever heard as she said, "Probably not," with a shrug that had his eyes narrowing on her when they finally reached the lobby.
Even with the forgiving coral hues of dawn, Inna looked scary and mean, his face a sickly pink-orange and his brows drawn into a scowl.
Whatever is was, he'd totally fallen for it.
Christopher thought he was seeing things.
"Where you almost drowned," Drew said, only to clear his throat and gestured for her to continue when she threw a pillow at his head.
"They're using your access code and forged your signature for a company phone," Devyn said, wondering why Lucas was going through so much trouble setting her up when it wouldn't take much to prove that she was innocent.
"What brought you to the States?"
He'd been determined not to let her get to him.
But it seemed downright rude to shut the door between us, so I never have.
I spend one delicious, mind-blowing moment encased in the wet bliss of John's mouth before he pops off and lifts his head to meet my eyes.
"-then, I would have to say quit and find a new job."
"You're spying on me," Mari said.
"I had another offer, but I thought it would be cool to work in a place like this.
Had they come back to the island yet?
I'm in a reflective mood tonight, it seems.
"I will always love him."
